Mental Health Status: Bipolar

OVERVIEW
Total statements: 2877
Percentage of dataset: 5.4%

COMMON KEYWORDS
end: 1030 occurrences
well: 529 occurrences
good: 510 occurrences
depressed: 333 occurrences
great: 232 occurrences
happy: 224 occurrences
tired: 210 occurrences
scared: 197 occurrences
alone: 195 occurrences
die: 195 occurrences
suicidal: 171 occurrences
hurt: 166 occurrences
sad: 139 occurrences
kill: 137 occurrences
worried: 132 occurrences

EXAMPLE STATEMENTS
1. Mania?? I was diagnosed with bipolar over 4 years ago. We have a difficult history.  Last September I started a med (latuda 80mg) that actually works! I’m actually stable for the first time since I was diagnosed. 

I was super anxious last night and realized something. I quit my job this month. I’m impulsively spending and it’s causing issues in my relationship. I’m not sleeping much. I cut all my hair off yesterday after pulling an all nighter and I’ve been very anxious. I feel pretty shitty about myself and now I’m scared that I’m starting to lose control again. I made a therapy appointment and I talk to my psychiatrist again in a week.. 
am I manic or am I just over thinking this?
2. Anyone Here Had A Manic Episode Without Re Occurrence? I had an episode of full blown mania around the end of last year - just wondering if anyone here's had a manic episode without  re occurrence?
3. New diagnosis, nervous about medication Was diagnosed with BP 1, but it must be the mildest ever, based on reading posts on here. I have been taking lexapro for three years, b/c previous therapists diagnosed anxiety disorder. So currently, i have a lot of mania, but very little depression. and the mania doesn't seem too extreme - my therapist thought it was BP 2 but the psych testing came back BP 1, which she agrees with now. I have thought I was the second coming on occasions, that's probably the most manic idea i've had. I have a good career, have always done well in the workplace. I am a mom and wife, and my family loves me. So I really hesitate to medicate. But I also wonder if I should keep taking Lexapro? My therapist said withdrawl from that is ugly, so she doesn't recommend it. But maybe it's been triggering my mania? I was also diagnosed with mixed personality disorder, mainly borderline with a heavy dose of narcissism. So naturally, I am very concerned with medication that could affect my skin (already went through struggles with acne while younger, not going to do that again) and also obsess about my weight. Anyone on a mood stabilizer that others haven't experienced acne or weight gain with? And no lithium for me, it's an unnecessary hit on my kidneys when I am pretty functional unmedicated.
4. I am literally so tired of living like this I am 22f and I have bipolar type 2. I forgot my meds for two days and it triggered a depressive episode and im so pissed at myself because i thought i was doing good. Im so upset. I hate how it always ends back in this crazy headspace. I know its the bipolar but ohmygod this shit sucks so bad. I have to live my whole life with these random episodes of shit. Im tired. Sorry I am ranting. I just want a break for a year or something. Id do anything for relief from this disorder at this point
5. (Reminded by earlier post) I have Bipolar and also ADHD. Is there any hope for ADHD treatment? I have Bipolar (I was diagnosed as BP2 but after an illness earlier in the year I feel like I may have had a manic episode over the summer, but we'll see what the doctor thinks) as well as ADHD. The mood stabilizers help, but don't do a whole lot for concentration while the ADHD meds work for concentration but make me, you know, *manic.* 

I'm totally open for another medication besides the standard Adderall/Ritalin. My overall mental health is the most important thing but I really feel like I always need that little extra *oomph*.

Any hope out there?
6. Self(ish) Rant I've generally been the kind of person who when bad news is received my brain can take awhile for it to sink in. My grandma recently passed away, I love her and miss her and this isn't at all her fault obviously, but, at work a few of my bosses kept telling me that it's alright if I need a day or whatever to myself. They asked if I was okay how I was holding up how my mom was holding up.
But the thing that irks me down to the core is that all of the sudden it took the death of a family member to think I might not be alright. They never thought to ask or say anything the multitude of days I called in sick or didn't call in at all and just didn't show up. They just don't understand, I'm not depressed today. I'm depressed almost every day. It just makes me feel that without a, in their opinion, legitimate reason to be depressed I'm the one in the wrong. Maybe they just considered me lazy and apathetic up until this point.
7. I’m so stressed and tired and over it. So I’m in college now diagnosed about 2 months ago but I’ve been dealing with Bipolar for like a year and a half now. I have so much going on with life and I just can’t handle it anymore. I do theatre so right now I’m designing a show, trying to do homework, trying to balance my meds because the ones I’m in now don’t fucking work, I’m in charge of setting up a banquet for our department and EVERYONE keeps talking shit about it. I can’t take it anymore. Why do people have to be so mean? Why can’t they understand that I have feelings and I have a lot of problems right now?? Why do all these things have to pile up on me now?? Why can’t I just be better now?? Sorry for the long rant but I just need to talk to people who kind of get it. I don’t know anyone else who’s bipolar so no one understands how I was fine with all the stress last week because I was manic but now I can’t because I could barely pull myself out of bed today.
8. I feel I am not capable of working full time even with the perfect conditions I like what I do, I used to work in a good environment (before they found out I am bipolar). Also, nothing extra stressful is happening in my life.

But for some reason (may be because I have to sit in front of monitor this whole time) I feel I am gradually collecting stress and then getting into phases.

Right now I am on a long sick leave and I feel such an improvement just doing house work. In the last two months I didn’t get a single episode! (They were happening at least once a month with different duration)

I am 30 and it feels too late to change my speciality. Plus I don’t speak language of the country I am living - that closes a lot of other job opportunities for me.

I would gladly be just a housewife, but with current inflation it is impossible for a family to live on one salary only, plus I have to support my mother. Also, in my profession nobody wants a part-time worker.

Any advices or just thoughts?
9. I can't trust my memories I had a pretty extended hypomanic episode in Nov-Dec, and a few weeks into the episode I had a long-awaited pdoc appointment at a specialized mood disorder clinic. I came out of the appointment very upset because the doctor didn't seem to want to help me, didn't seem to get what I was saying, wanted me to stop taking the meds that had pulled me out of a year-long suicidal depression. I hadn't slept more than an hour the night before, so the appointment is a bit of a blur, but I felt betrayed by the system and cried for hours.

I saw the pdoc for a second time today and my impression of her was completely different. Apparently she is not a psycho monster bitch. She clearly wants to help me and has a reasonable approach, even if it's not what I would have chosen.

I also realized that I have gaps in my memory from that time - like I know one of my friends was concerned enough about my state of mind to call my mother - but, for example, I completely don't remember one of my friends coming over and visiting me for several hours. Granted, I was drinking a lot over that period, but not enough to completely forget events. It makes me wonder what else I'm not remembering.

I'm diagnosed BPII but I know that over about 6 weeks I spent way too much money, hardly slept (or sometimes even didn't) for days at a time, and drove so recklessly that I could have been arrested if I had been caught. I just didn't go to work a few times. Also had a few panic attacks. I had some pretty big ideas but I wasn't psychotic, so manic vs. hypomanic? Don't really know, don't really care too much, but I normally consider myself a very grounded and rational person so feeling like I can't trust my memory freaks me the fuck out.

I guess this is more of a vent than anything. It's the first hypomanic episode I've had that can compete with (milder) depressive episodes in terms of negative impact on my life. I don't really know how to come to terms with the fact that I can't trust my memory from that time. Especially because according to friends I seemed pretty lucid, but my judgement was obviously impaired.

Anyway, bipolar sucks.
11. If I listed myself as not disabled while applying for a job at a company, and listed myself as disabled while applying for a different job, will I get in trouble?  I don't know what to add. I'm job searching and my anxiety is through the roof about this. It sucks cuz it's a great opportunity.  Here's some length since apparently the body has to be longer than the title or it gets removed.
12. So I'm diagnosed with Bi Polar 1 and I'm just and angry psycho.....nothing really helps me. I'm super motivated and driven.I work hard and are succesful.I have the typical loss of memory and can't focus a lot of the time but have found ways to get passed it.

I have an anger issue however.Go against me, an im just like fuck you!You know?

Like tell me I do something slightly wrong and I will be like "Then fucking show me dumbass"

I do everything alone as a result.

I succeed and make friends. I just ignore them and avoid everyone once I do.

I run a successful FB account and recently had a manic episode where I lashed out at everyone.For no reason just spazzing. It resulted in people acting very petty and as a result I just got worse and worse.  


I feel like its getting more annoying as time goes on. Like eventually someone with the wrong attitude is going to want to get into an altercation with me.

My medications have helped and talking to a therapist helps. But I cannot seem to just control this rush of adrenaline I get over every little thing. like the movie Crank but with normal stuff.

Any one else have this issue?
13. Support The absolute loneliness of this illness is something no one will ever come close to understanding. It is something I will never be able to put into words. Their is nothing in this world I can fill this void in my soul with. Even in sleep it sits and waits for me to awaken so it can slowly eat away at me more and more. The older I get the worse it becomes. Medication just numbs the feeling, but it is always there, below the surface. I  am so exhausted. No matter how much sleep I get, how long I lay on the couch, stare at TV, no matter how many pills I take, the void eats away at me. I am just so tired. Every muscle in my body feels like I have been working out for years with no rest days. So tight like they might shatter like glass if I breathe the wrong way. My fingers bleed from picking at them. I am just so tired. I am so lonely and I know the void will swallow me whole soon.
14. Tomorrow's another day I'm having a hard time right now. So I picked up my acoustic guitar and just made more noise than was in my head. Then I had to just grab a pen and paper. This is what came out...

Tomorrow's another day
But tonight may never come
So I sit right here and now
And ponder my meaning to this life
Stru g together like a cats in the cradle string
Night has co.e and I'm full of misery
I don't think I'll ever see the sun again
My tool box scattered across the ground in disarray 
I'll be leaving this world 
Tho it might not be today
But it's time for the pain to fade
Reaching out to the light 
From my own darkness that no one can see
What's it matter if I fade from the light
After all it's only me..

I don't have any thoughts of self harm right now.  I just had so.e shit built up and the guitar and the writing on paper and here has made me feel so much better. If you're reading just know. You have worth. You're more valuable on this plane than you know. Have a happy day and don't forget to be awesome.
15. Does your mania/hypomania ALWAYS end with depression after? Or has there been times where it hasn't for you? Asking to be hopeful because I'm sure I'm going through mania right now and I was only out of depression for like 2 weeks before this hit. I really hope there's a chance I won't flip back there. I'm still trying to get my habits back in place that I fell out of and really can't afford to be screwed with depression for another 6+ weeks.
17. Experiences with Lamictal and hypomania? Experiences getting off Lamictal? Hi! This is my first time posting here. If I may, do any of you have experiences with what I put in my title?


Here's some (not super necessary for answering my questions) background:

I have a diagnosis of Bipolar type 2. While for many reasons I still believe this to be accurate, I've been questioning the role that Lamictal has played in my illness and diagnosis.

While I had had many sort of hypo-hypomanic periods before, and had actually been diagnosed before at age 13, my first full blown, classically symptomatic hypomanic episode coincided with starting and then increasing my dose of Lamictal. This particular episode was used as a part of my diagnosis. (I started Lamictal due to a severe upswing in my depression and history of not responding to antidepressants.) The hypomania eventually faded back into my more typical depressions and general emotional static. This was then further complicated by the addition of other meds that I did not do well with at all. It's a bit of a tangle, so attempting to determine if there's any sort of clear chain of cause and effect is difficult.

I've never had any other side effects, but I've also never really felt any steadier on Lamictal. Lithium is what eventually became a total godsend for me.

All of this is to say that I don't know if Lamictal has actually done anything positive for me. Yet I've been kept on it ever since and I'm questioning if this is only because I haven't had any side effects to complain about. If this is true, is there really any point to continuing to take it long term? If I don't have to spend the money every month and continue to risk the known short term and unknown long term side effects, I'd rather not.



So, has anyone else experienced hypomania that coincided with starting or increasing Lamictal? Has anyone gone through getting off of it? What is the process of doing that like?

I am, of course, not going to change anything without talking to my pdoc. I'd just like to hear from some other people with personal insight.

Thank you!
18. Depressive episodes are not forever One thing that gets me through my episodes is the knowledge that it can't last forever. For several years before I was diagnosed I only really experienced depression (no hypomania at all) and it felt like it would never end. And I know that a fair amount of people also feel this way. And some people suffer from chronic depression. But now with my diagnosis I feel that as long as my episode lasts and however intense it is it can't last forever. 

I guess it's just a small solace. But on the flip side, when I was just depressed I held on to hope that one day I would be cured but with bipolar that hope is pretty much squashed. So I guess it's a mixed bag.
19. Wondering if I could be bipolar So when I was diagnosed with depression a few years ago my doctor told me to watch for any mania because of my family history with bipolar. I hadn’t had any issues until this year. I’ve always been moody and could change at the drop of a hat. But I never considered that abnormal for me.
I had one experience a few weeks ago where I felt I could have been manic. I was at work and just in a great mood, nothing could shake me, overly peppy and talkative. I couldn’t focus very well, my mind was just jumping from thing to thing. My boyfriend who works with me pointed out that I wasn’t acting normal after I had already kind of noticed the elevated mood myself. I was trying not to fixate on it but once he pointed it out it started making me very anxious. 
Since then I’ve been keeping track of my moods with an app because my boyfriend also pointed out that it’s not the only time I’ve acted odd and I sometimes don’t notice it at all. 
I just started seeing a therapist and when I brought this up to her she told me the feeling has to last days to be mania. From what I’ve read hypomania doesn’t have to be long lasting. 
I’m just confused about whether I should be seeking a mood stabilizer because I have been struggling with mood swings. Any opinions would be very helpful for me!
20. Is this hallucination? (Small something crawling in the floor) I see something crawling on the floor in my peripheral vision but when i start looking at it directly it just vanish. 

Bipolar 1 

Current state: 

1. Alone for almost 2 years now
2. 18 years old
3. I left my friends and no familly support
4. Hopeless 
5. Close to suicide. ( i'm not sad. I just know that i have to.)
6. I stopped drinking my meds and going to the doctor because i cant afford it. 
7. Am i depress? Manic? Idk and i dont care anymore.
8. Dropped out of highschool but i still love learning different field of subjects. 
9. Painful intrusive memories and thoughts 24/7
10. I cant focus at anything anymore
11. Its harder for me to read and comprehend
12. I can't think properly anymore
13. I only listen to soundtracks, classical music and watch films and tvseries. And also surf reddit and youtube everyday on repeat. 
14. I'm afraid and no enough energy to get out and interact with people.
15. I'm always anxious. 
16. Sleeping schedule is a mess. (Avg. 5 hrs a day)
17. My family doesn't believe or ignorant on mental illness.


I dont want to go the doctor anymore because whats the point. I just want to know if i am heading to psychosis.

Thank you.
21. Anybody found a way to put the depressive episodes to "good use"? Please forgive me if this is an ignorant post or common knowledge or insensitive to the community.

I'm just wondering if there is any advantage that can be found during the depressive episodes, or derived from the experience of passing through depressive episodes. 

Either during or after the fact.
22. Stress and Bipolar I'm under some pressure at the moment with exams. I think the adrenaline rush which comes from the time pressure is pushing me towards (hypo)mania.

How do you deal with stress? What happens to your mood? Is there anything you do to prevent an episode?

Thanks
23. Business travel w/ bipolar? Hi Friends -

I've got Bipolar, but i've also got a cool startup job. They want me to travel for three weeks a a time, which I just can't do given my sleep schedule and the time zone changes. HR knows I have "health issues" that prohibit the trip duration they want, and they asked me to make a list of what I am able to do and what I am unable to do. So far, I have the following: 
- Must have solid 9 hours off-set for sleep 
- Trip duration of no more than 5 nights -
 Must have set schedule of work hours

What am I missing? What else do I include? Clients are film production people.

THANK YOU!
24. Mania a memoir a short shitty one I wrote something I have no where to share.

Was my lowest drinking cheap wine on a toilet seat at mid day in a sprawling Westfield shopping outlet, having my stomach and veins flushed for the third time in one year?

 Or forgetting I had sex with my best friend after my court date for a shattered window. In a million little pieces. You might assume it was.

 It wasn't. Truth is this is medication, because without this. I'm fine in the sense THAT I FEEL. I feel everything, I feel everything.  Life is like day time television and it hurts me with its monotony. My brain is too fast, the world is too slow. I am too arrogant the world is too humble. Atleast I'm self aware, my addictions are my angels and my devil's. They save me every time and yet darling they push me closer and closer to the edge. The edge is always there. Hi my name is Sophie and I have manic depression. I swear you might disregard what I say, but I know it has value.

I want to live.
25. I think I’m heading into depressive psychosis So I’m in a depressive episode today. It’s bad. I have nowhere to be so this was a good time for it. However I’m trying to reach out to people to work through it and no one is responding. My delusion rn is that they all aren’t responding on purpose and they want me to die. I don’t know what to do. It’s just me and my dog rn and I can’t find my headphones so I can’t take him on a walk without worrying about things getting worse because I’m alone with my thoughts.
26. Newly Diagnosed and Drugged Hi there, I was recently diagnosed with BP II.  This is all very new to me.  All my life my doctors bounced me around treatments for anxiety, ADHD, and depression without any real results.  The worst of these was a doc in college who insisted I needed to take high-dose Adderall which turned me into a 95 pound skeleton of a crackhead.  Depression meds made me a zombie.

My psychiatrist now is (sort of) working in conjunction with my therapist.  I say sort of because after therapist sent me to psych for treatment for "mood disorder", he prescribed for ADHD.  I wasn't really surprised, but had tried to explain to him in office that I was a hot mess because I was travelling across the country the next day, and that I was nervous because it was my first time meeting him.  Of course I couldn't concentrate and was fidgety and talking fast. :\

Anyway, those meds made me feel awful, so after taking them for a month, I stopped.  Yesterday he prescribed Lamictal, and today is my first day taking it.  What can I expect?  how has it helped any of you?  Were the side effects bad?  I am also taking Trazodone, given to me by my primary doc for sleep issues.  Psych upped the dose of Trazodone to 100 mg and gave me a starter dose of 25 mg Lamictal, to be increased over the next few weeks.
27. Manic and proud of myself for starting a big journey! How has your Thursday been? I'm finally moving away from Northern Virginia and slowing down my world to a pace I'm more comfortable with. I'm driving all my stuff and my bikes in my old 2 door jeep (most maniacal idea I've had in a while) to Florida on Wednesday, first move and 1,000 mile road trip of my life. ?? 2 months ago me wouldve been shi**ing bricks at the idea but I'm really starting to sort it all out since I started Lamictal and Hydroxyzine again. Hope all you beautiful people are having a good week going into a long weekend!
28. I don’t have an appointment until Thursday and I am barely hanging on... horrible mixed episode... not sure what to do in this situation It started with a massive depressive episode after over a month of doing really good. It came out of nowhere with none of the usual triggers or red flags. It got to they point where I was about to go to the ER. The only thing that stopped me is that I work at the hospital and I would have been seen by people I know. 

I made it through the night. Since then I have had a few days of being almost constantly awake, in various states of mania and hopelessness. My therapist can’t see me until Thursday and my Psych doc can’t see me until next Tuesday. My antipsychotic was gone, I had been doing so good that I hadn’t used it in forever. All I have had is my usual meds, which aren’t doing anything and my lorazepam for my panic attacks. 

Yesterday I had a huge panic attack in the middle of all this, ended up taking more loraz than ever before and it barely touched it. My girlfriend found me walking along in the snow crying by the side of the road. An absolute mess. (First time I have cried in probably 2 years too, I can’t usually get emotional but it all just started pouring out.)

I just don’t know what to do to get through until my appointment. How can I make it with all those hours between now and then?
29. Vyvanse and Bipolar 2 I don’t have ADHD or Binge Eating Disorder, let me preface this with that.

I recently did some genetic testing through my psychiatrist and the results came back that I would highly benefit from stimulants, if I had the need to take them.(Also said I should never take SSRIs and all atypical antipsychotics will make me gain weight- fun facts) I know it’s very uncommon, and I’ve read some horrible things about having bipolar and taking stimulants (mania, psychosis, etc) but my pdoc put me on 20mg to see if it could help with my cognitive and executive function.

Does anyone have experience with taking Vyvanse without one of the regular prescribed  diagnosis?

Also, if you take Vyvanse just in general, how did you deal with the crash? First day taking it and I feel like hell, it’s been about 10-11 hours since I took it now. 

Thanks!!
30. Has anyone else experienced catatonic symptoms when very low? About a year ago when I was in a very low period, I was hospitalised on 3 separate times where I was unable to move, speak or pretty much function which lasted for about 6 hours. Before these episodes set in, I remember being heavily suicidal and feeling hopeless and like I had no energy at all (like I was melting into the chair), and then seeing visuals in my surroundings.

The bit that is funking with my head is whether my mind is playing tricks on me and I could actually move and speak but I was pretending or whether it was all legitimate. 

Does/has anyone else had similar experiences of these kinda catatonic symptoms?
31. BIPOLAR TOYS R US THEME SONG I wrote this for you. 

*Ahem*

“I don’t wanna come down,
I’m a hypo-manic,
Everything in life right now is freaken terrific!
From sex to thoughts to fantasies,
I have the most energy there is,
GEE WIZ,
I don’t wanna come down,
Cause if I did,
I wouldn’t be a hypo-manic 

*applause* 

Yes. Yes. *bows* Thank you, everyone.
32. Is it normal to crave being manic again? As some background, I have not been manic in almost 2 years. I also  stopped taking medication for bipolar disorder about 3 months ago. This was with the approval of my therapist and psychiatrist after going though a lot of different therapy including DBT. Lately, I have been having slight symptoms which, because of the therapy, I am able to think differently about them instead of being delusional about it. I know it can be super destructive in many ways, but I crave mania a lot. Just, the euphoria and intense feelings of love towards people, and the sex feeling so much better. Is this normal?
33. Ever feel like you should probably hospitalize yourself but can't because of school/work/etc related anxiety? University student, dropped from hypomania to severe depression in a matter of seconds last week and have been having bad ideations since (so far no plan or anything, which is usually how this goes for me)

I have a 12 page research paper due in 2 days, which I haven’t started yet. Spent my entire freshman year hypomanic, finished with a 3.96 gpa. Had a full blown manic episode last semester (when I finally got diagnosed) and gpa dropped a ton. Depression this semester has set me to make my gpa fall a lot more.

I have such high expectations for myself based based on how well I used to do in school, and I feel like I owe it to my parents to also do well. They aren’t super strict or anything, but my brother was also BP and had a paranoid, violent manic episode which ended in suicide. Sister too, although she’s relatively stable now but without a job. It feels like I have an obligation to be the one who turned out really well and to have grades continue dropping is putting me under way too much stress
34. [Trigger heavy, i guess]Depression is back again. And i'm scared. I was doing so well. I got back to school. Life was going fine.

I wasted 6 years doing nothing because my mental health always gets in the way and *DESTROYS* everything.

But out of nowhere it all comes back again. School is getting harder day by day. The first hint of melancholy has transformed into a cold apathy and desire of self destruction.

I cannot handle failure this time. Not again.

I usually don't self harm because i really dislike self inflicted pain even though i am a masochistic by nature but i still managed to stab straight into my cephalic vein just so i could bleed.

This is not me. But i never know at what state my mood is in before it is all too late. I feel the "same" as always. But all the signs are there.

The spark, happiness and light is gone and now i just feel this disgust. This is the darkest and most ominous my depression has ever felt even if it isn't the most severe it has been.

I want to rip out my guts. Bleed out all my blood. Set myself on fire. Just purely *destroy* myself.

This can't go on. I can still prevent this from getting worse but i don't know who to reach out to or even that should i. Everyone is too scary. I feel like i just need to hide and wait for this to pass instead of getting into trouble by talking to people.

Sorry if my text is a bit incoherent or rambly. I don't even want to think about these things much less write about them and it makes my brain go fucking haywire. I just need something external to tell me this is not okay because i never feel that anything is wrong even if it is hitting me in the face. Be it escalated moods or bedridden depression. I just never "feel" my own moods.
35. Dependence on therapist I attend IOP groups and individual therapy sessions at the same place, my therapist who I have worked with on and off for a year and a couple months just told me today that she is leaving soon and I am heartbroken. I love my therapist and I don't know how I am going to keep progressing without her. There will be a replacement for her but idk what to do, I don't want a different therapist. :(
36. Losing friends over diagnosis? Just semi recently some people who I considered long time friends and I truly believe it’s because I was being more open about my diagnosis. For context they has DID and alters and I tried to accommodate for them as much as I could. Yet they randomly removed me after we spent a few weeks together (it was a visit) 
I don’t really know what went wrong as I took my meds and I have a passive nature in general. No manic outbursts or emotional ones at all.  We all were laughing and having a great time laughing and doing fun activities. But as soon as I got home one of them just didn’t want anything to do with me anymore. And I truly believe it was discriminatory behavior because I would bring up my diagnosis/ make jokes of because they would do the same. (Making jokes of my diagnosis helps me cope in a way) It took me bit to collect myself but I’m doing a whole lot better with therapy now that they’re not in my life anymore. They were also very against seeking medical advice for mental illness and rather get high and not address their issues with a professional. Has anyone else here ever lost close friends that backstabbed you over your diagnosis? Or is it better for people with this disease to just keep everyone at arms length and give the cold shoulder out of fear of discrimination or assumptions on what they think bipolar is? Most people don’t judge by the content of your character anymore and it’s so incredibly sad it has to be that way
37. why does alcohol turn me into the spawn of satan? I’ve been diagnosed BP2 since 2015. 
As the years have gone on, I’ve gotten worse at drinking, and no matter how little I drink, if I drink at all I can feel my emotions get negative. 

The more intoxicated I get these days, the more belligerent and unnecessarily angry I get. I pick fights and make shit up to fight about with my boyfriend.  I’m about to kick alcohol to the curb because of how bad it makes my mood swings.  

I can’t be the only one that turns into a complete bitch for no reason when I drink. Thoughts and support I’ll love a lot, because I just don’t get why alcohol affects my bipolar so severely.
38. What happens if you take medication? I am going to be evaluated for bipolar disorder soon and if diagnosed will have to decide whether or not to take medication. What happens emotionally and intellectually if you take medicine for it?

I’m very afraid to take medication because I had a very bad experience at age 12. I was on antidepressants for two years (11-13) and became a bit self absorbed and had serious impulse control problems. It ultimately led to suicide. Twice.
39. Ability What can you tell me about it? I was recently prescribed it for the first time and just started taking it this week... what are your experiences?
41. My sleep is dwindling I don’t get much sleep but the past few weeks I sleep an average of five hours and ten minutes. I’m just not tired at night. 

 I’m taking my meds. 

 How can I sleep more? If this carries on I’m sure I’ll be heading towards the danger zone although right now that looks somewhat appealing ...
42. It's over My brother gave up the fight and killed himself. He was very depressed, officially diagnosed with bipolar disorder and in a very bad state. We tried multiple terapists, letting him living alone, letting him living with us and nothing worked. He did not want to fight and made plans about making plans which he simply ignored later. There was nothing we could do and yet I feel like there was something we did not think of and should have done. We totally fucked up and couldn't support him the way he needed it. It fucking sucks, everything fucking sucks. Our society fucking sucks at dealing with people like him. Fuck it.
43. Rant, I Guess. Hello, sorry this is my first time actually posting on Reddit so I'm feeling a little nervous, but it's all good.

I'm a freshman in college, and last October I finally saw a psychiatrist after years of struggling and got diagnosed with Bipolar 2, GAD, panic disorder and social anxiety. We decided to try lithium and two other anxiety meds. I actually overdosed on the anxiety meds although I was taking the amount I was told and was having a lot of pain for like a few weeks, so I wasn't really able to focus in my classes; I got pretty behind and almost left on med leave. I'm now on Gabapentin and got started on Lamotrigine.

I guess the lithium was working for a while, but lately I have felt like an absolute mess. I will be in what feels like hypomania in the morning and be running around, talking a mile a minute, everything, and then just get hit with depression and withdraw from everyone. Or vice versa. And this sometimes happens multiple times a day. I'm starting to feel crazy and it is taking everything that I have to just barely function, nevermind actually having time to do homework or other responsibilities. I don't know what to do with myself. 

I just feel so terrible. It just feels like I can't achieve any sort of sane moment because if I'm not being affected by my BD, my anxiety is at a 10. I just want to be calm and stable. 

I am just afraid of this starting to affect my family and my boyfriend. He is the most understanding person I have ever met, but I feel like eventually, he is going to get exhausted with me. I'm not a very happy person and I don't understand why anyone would want to spend time with me.

I don't know anyone around here with BD and it is making me feel really alone, which is why I guess I decided to make this post. I just feel so crazy, I don't know. I'm sorry.
44. Why is it so hard to feel this way????!!! I feel like going to sleep forever.

I don't want to die or anything.  I just want to fall asleep, and not wake up for a long time.

Is this normal? I'm not sure I am bipolar. I might just have major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder.
45. What life stressors threw y’all into a recent episode? Mine in 2022 - bought a house in February/ same month husband got into motorcycle accident and broke his leg, had to handle the logistics of the move myself - while working part time. Moved into new house, son had a seizure shortly after. Decided to get a new job while husband attended physical therapy, then found out husband was switched to nights. I then switched my job again to accommodate his hours, didn’t see each other often and I wasn’t going to bed until 12 am when I got off work at 11:30pm. 

July-December I was out of my mind. Hospitalized at end of November.
46. Fighting the stigma against medicating mental illness so people like me don't wait forever to get help Hey there! I'm bipolar and have had a lot of success with lamotrigine, but it took me a really long time to start taking it because there's such an intense stigma around medicating mental illnesses. I kind of assumed I would lose all sense of self if I took them, and I wish I didn't have that feeling for so long (over a decade).

So I started up a project called Wear Your Meds recently to try and help other people not feel that way. Basically it's a series of 1" buttons, and each button shows a commonly-prescribed mental illness medication. Anyone who wears one of these buttons is signaling that they’re open to sharing their personal story of how the medication helped. It's also a show of solidarity because sometimes it can feel like no one else you know is on meds. I'm hoping some people on here would be into it. More info is at wearyourmeds.com
47. Concert Depression Has anyone had the experience of being at a concert and suddenly being overwhelmed by depression and super high anxiety? I recently was at a metal concert and I shutdown completely towards the end of the headliners set. 
I’ve been told it has to do with sensory overload? I think it’s happened before, is there anyway to combat it?
48. I have bipolar, so I blog... I'm not sure if this is helpful in any way, but this is my therapy, I blog. I try to blog almost every day and my goal in life is to end the stigma of mental illness especially surrounding bipolar disorder. If anyone wants to check it out its tiffrenae.com. What's your therapy?
49. Recent Bipolar II diagnosis. Scared and confused. Off the bat, I'm an alcoholic who has been trying (mostly unsuccessfully) to stop drinking for a while. 

Went to a 10-day detox in January. I thought I could dry out and get back into the groove that was my 6 months of clean time. But instead, I relapsed a week out. Spent the most of February bunny hopping - few days drinking, few days drying out - and realized that I had to get my ass back to rehab.

So here I am; 4th rehab in 3 years. I've been to this one twice before, I guess 3 times if you count my short stint in their detox a few weeks back. Most of the time, I get sober for 6 months and relapse +/- 7 days. 

The psychiatrist who has been seeing me whenever I end up back here diagnosed me with Bipolar II yesterday. And I feel weird about it. 

Which brings me here. I don't know what to do next. 

I don't know if I should get a second opinion or just accept this one; we've met about 4 times this year alone for 1+ hours each time, and like I said he's the same psychiatrist who has done all of my evaluations here over the years. He would like to put me on Lamictal.
50. Random extreme passions - is it a bipolar thing? /u/renagadethrowaway recently made a post about extreme passions to things that evaporate very quickly and I was wondering if that is actually caused by the bipolar disorder as it seems some people in this community share the issue, or is it just a personality trait that has nothing to do with the disorder. I haven’t found any research on it, what do you think?

RECOGNITION PATTERNS FOR Bipolar
- Extreme mood swings between highs and lows
- Manic phases: high energy, racing thoughts, impulsivity
- Depressive phases: low mood, lack of energy
- Rapid cycling between different emotional states
- Grandiose thoughts during manic periods
- Risk-taking behavior during elevated moods
- Inconsistent patterns of expression

Top indicator words: end, well, good, depressed, great
