Mental Health Status: Depression

OVERVIEW
Total statements: 15404
Percentage of dataset: 29.0%

COMMON KEYWORDS
end: 6818 occurrences
good: 2800 occurrences
depressed: 2298 occurrences
die: 2088 occurrences
happy: 2074 occurrences
alone: 1886 occurrences
well: 1839 occurrences
kill: 1792 occurrences
sad: 1687 occurrences
tired: 1649 occurrences
hurt: 1451 occurrences
suicidal: 1019 occurrences
scared: 982 occurrences
great: 895 occurrences
fine: 670 occurrences

EXAMPLE STATEMENTS
1. I try so hard to be happy. For me, for my family for my friends. But I cannot. I am jealous of my friends being happy in their lives but I am also happy for them. I cannot even tell them how much I am suffering inside because everyone is getting their happiness except me. I am just done. it is not working out.
2. If you do not love someone or cannot promise to love them until you die then do not get into marriages. Its a different kind of pain when you see one parent not be happy in the relationship and it depresses you real hard. It fucking hurts man. If someone gives birth to a child in a failed marriage its like giving the child guaranteed emotional issues, depression and suicidal thoughts and anxiety and frequent panic attacks. I beg you. Please. do not marry someone if you do not love them and especially do not give birth to a child if you do. Its going to fuck them up. Can people not get into marriages if they are not happy
3. I have suffered from depression and anxiety for many years now, which has resulted in me losing a lot of friends who could not understand why I was often distant, or handle it when I confided in them. About 8 months ago, however, I met a person who has been so kind to me and is very loving and understanding. we have both talked about our mental health, trauma, and past SH experiences together to cope, but I realize now that I am starting to feel suicidal again. I do not know how to tell them without putting pressure on them, but we promised each other we would reach out if we ever thought about committing suicide. I do not want them to feel responsible for my well-being, or push them away, but I made a promise to them and I feel like they deserve to know, especially if it ends up affecting our relationship. Does anyone have any tips or advice? what is a good way to confide in my friend about my suicidal ideation?
4. i have been on prozac since maybe september last year before prozac i wa on lexapro and i wa given the highest dose of that and it worked at first and then my anxiety started up really bad again out of nowhere so i wa switched to prozac and honestly i don t feel like i ve noticed a difference especially recently i ve been getting bad anxiety attack that have worsened the past couple month i haven t had attack this bad in month it s honestly the worst ha anyone else experienced this where it feel like nothing is helping your anxiety i just want to be better my mind feel like a mental prison also doe anyone have any tip or trick that have helped calm them during an anxiety attack
5. I ask myself daily will my extra efforts towards a better life improve my overall mood? Will I indeed get happier, with a better quality of life? it is a constant battle in my head, and I feel stuck most days due to it. Emotionally I do not feel connected with anyone including family and friends. Describing how I feel, pouring out my everyday thoughts makes me believe my family thinks I am deranged or crazy. Everyone calls me selfish for contemplating suicide but no one will exert their presence until I am gone. No one will help me feel alive while I am alive. So what is the point in living? Sure I can become a millionaire, and have a wonderful life full of materialistic things, yet if I die unhappy will I have really lived? Life
6. I am falling into a depression hole again the waves keep getting worse and need some help finding new coping mechanisms, I do not have any that work more than once in awhile for me currently and I do not have the motivation to be on my phone or leave the house it just keeps giving me things to be depressed about. I found out I was inexplicably shadow banned from a help subreddit to put icing on the cake for today. I do not have any friends relationships or close family to help either and my situation is cutting off alot of that ability anyway..My coping mechanisms have been taking some time for my hobbies and me but they have lost all their color and I am finding cleaning becoming more straining and I have been sleeping more and more. I have been very depressed lately and would like some help finding new coping mechanisms
7. my girlfriend left me and is probably in love with my best friend my best friend stopped giving a shit about me and flirted with her they cuddled when they were here he wouldn t even check in on me my dad is having a baby my great grandma is dying my health is getting more and more fucked over and turn out i might have a bleeding disorder my abusive ex is spreading more shit about me and trying to ruin my life nothing is ok i don t think i m going to be okay everything is falling apart i haven t felt this suicidal in a long time i want to fucking die i can t do this
8. Sometimes somebody tells me something and I get sad. A sadness overcomes me so strong that I do not know how to get rid of it, no matter how hard a try. I just want to live a normal life. Meet honest and loyal people, and be happy. But when sadness overcomes me, I am stuck. Stuck physically and stuck in my feelings. I do not how to to handle it. Sometimes
9. No matter how many connections I make, I can never break the barrier and find someone I actually feel connected too.. &amp;#x200B;I feel like no one on this planet understands me. All I really want is to give and reciprocate all the love I hold in my life. &amp;#x200B;I cannot make friends.. and every man I meet just wants to hook up. I have so much pure kindness in my heart and no one to give it to. I think that is why I love animals... &amp;#x200B;I am drunk and very depressed. My meds help suppress it a bit but my life is very wrong.. I was not mean to be so alone. No one is. There are so many people around me and I cannot find someone who gets me??? Life feels like a ghostdown
10. theekween heart break trauma anxiety depression pain of losing your loved one thelmasherbs
11. Hi, I hope that you are okay.I am not, unfortunately. Its the second depressive episode of my life, and idk if Ill survive this one.I have abandonment trauma and each time a separation occurs, I get depressed. The more attached, the worse.My first episode happened 4 years ago and was due to leaving high school and my home town.My therapist, my family and friends helped me through. But the one who helped me the most was my boyfriend. I always thought that I would never meet a guy like those in books. And yet I did. The second we started talking I knew he was special. How odd a feeling.During three years and a half I grew better alongside him. I started loving life in its smallest forms like insect and seeds, learnt almost everything I know about nature and started caring about myself to take better care of others. If there is anything such as soulmates in this world, he is mine. Yet due to that covid nightmare and my failing at passing a specific exam, we have lived apart since March 2020, and he could not bear it. I have not been the best GF in a distance relationship since I have a strong sense of imagination which made me feel like he was with me in the new city I lived in, and the discrepancy between our dealing with distance cost us our story. Ever since our breakup 4 months ago, my life has been nothing but a nightmarish roller coaster which does not provide any fun at all. The worse in that is that I know that he will not be willing to try again for as long as I am in that state (which no one would, this is the healthy logical thing to do), and I do not know how to get out of that state without him.It is not that I need his help to get better, but rather that our being apart hurts way too much. And now that my grandad is about to die, I am seriously wondering how I will not go even more berserk and completely ruin my last chances of getting back with him. I am seeing therapists, taking meds, doing the things that I love (activism, reading, writing and drawing, playing music), seeing my friends and family and even opening up to new relationships and flirting with cute guys. Yet nothing helps. I am feeling more depressed than ever. Sorry for the long sad and useless talk. Yet if anyone has any kind of pieces of advice to give me, Id truly appreciate it. Take care &lt;3 Life feels like the worst of a rollercoaster and a haunted house combined.
12. I am not shure if this is the right sub for this but i have to write this down somewhere.I am a 18 year old male avererage reddit user from Germany.About a year ago I wanted to upgrade my Pc and accidently broke it. The problem in having summer vacation, close to no friends and being unable to do your two only hobbies is you have time to think, A LOT of time to think. After about two weeks of doing nothing except of thinking about my past actions and reflecting about my current state of having about 1-2 friends (ig I am still not shure what a friend really is, where do you draw the line?), severly performing under my possibilities and nearly failing my Abitur (Highschool) my mood went downwards fast. After 4 weeks when I finally got my parts to fix the PC the damage was already done. On a daily basis my mood got worse, over time I enjoyed my hobbies less and less, got less talk active (which you can see on this post I usually do a lot) and ate less and less to the point of loosing about 10kg in one week (which is unhealthy but I am overweight so its not that big of a deal) because everything tasted bland anyways and I felt empty anyways. I noticed early where that is going to go but was shure after the last/final school trip in which i had basically a breakdown once a day. I kept going anyways because I did not want anyone to worry but at the same time I wanted exactly that I wanted to see that people actually care about me, not because they had to because they are related or care about everyone, I wanted to see if somebody actually noticed that I am not okay and not just moody. Spoiler: nobody did, apart from maybe my teacher that noticed that i basically went from the most active student in the course to the least active. I cried almost every day. Nobody noticed my mom just thought i wanted to loose weight. My 18th birthday was about that time, I wanted to skip it both my parents (divorced) did not allow it. So i had two partys one with my mom, my aunt and my best friend and one with my dad, gradparents, brother, and my dads patchwork family. Both were stressing me out strongly, all human interaction was hard, I wanted to appear kind of ok even though the suicidal thoughts slowly crawled in my head more and more. I still hoped anybody notices. A few weeks later i was so instable that a simple test in school basically broke me to the point of not even being able to uphold my facade in school. that is where I drew the line, I cannot wait anymore for somebody to help, if I will not help myself now I would possibly do something really stupid later. I went to my doctor. I expected to get told I was overreacting and should calm down. My doctor took me very serious, he calmed me down took some test to check if there was a non hormonal because and prescribed me antidepressants and wrote me sick for the day and tge day after (it was thursday and the second lockdown was the week after anyways). That day was the worst, i basically had to tell my mostly oblivious relatives that I was depressed and i had to decide if I would actually use the drugs I had gotten. After talking with my parents and people I knew I came to the conclusion that I have no real alternativ than taking them. I found a psychologist about 1-2months later way faster than I expected. After about half a year of sucessful medication and therapy my psychologist said they are thinking I would not need therapy anymore, I agreed. I talked to my doctor and quit the meds. I finished school with a grade better than expected. I thought it was over it.But the whole time I knew the only goal I had in finding somebody who cared was unfulfilled. I have not found one person that cared about me, I had to get myself out of there even though that was the only thing i wanted not to do. It haunts me. I had two medium breakdowns this week. I am am fucking scared. I do not want to be depressed again, I cannot go through that shit again. I do not know what to do anymore. Everything turned out fine why am I going down the same fucking road i went about a year ago? Why do I feel like I am not even worth getting cared about? I can study what I want everything went far better than expected why tf is my mood getting worse? I just do not know anymore. I do not know anymore
13. for past month i had this weird head rushing tension feeling when falling asleep even when i sit and i am bored i can feel it it s like my head would be scrambled between wall and my brain wa wired to something idk
14. I have been seeing a therapist for a while and I feel the same as before, if not worse. I tried to go to my mom and ask her if I can check with my doctor to see if I need medication but she just told me that I am fine and My depression is not chronic despite sharing that I have been feeling this way for a long time and was diagnosed with depression at the beginning of the year. Every time I try to go to her about this she always says the same thing and it just makes me feel like she does not care. I have been trying to hold out until I turn 18 to get help but I just do not know if I can wait that long. I do not know what to do anymore. I just cannot deal with this
15. when i try to hug it again this feeling will not come back,i hate myself 10x times worse i cried really hard tonight bacause i hugged a pillow and it felt like a human
16. Anyone else feel like their dog is the reason for living? Knowing something else in this world needs me and is always happy in my presence gives me reason to get up. Dog saved my life
17. for this small victory I have worked years to get, I have finished the academic part of school and now going in to aprentiship, I have worked for this for years, its taken so much damn efort, and yet i feel nothing, I am just reminded of my dead dreams and hopes that i can never reach, i know i will be stacking shelfs for the rest of my life, and i know there is nothing i can do about it, i feel powerless, 10 year old me would cry if they knew this was how they where going to end up, I have become everything i never wanted to be, what a sham and this will just be something i will have to live with, becasue dreams are for the lucky and deturmined, not broken husks like me I have goten to where I have worked years to be, and i feel nothing
18. The last time I made a real friend was in the 1st grade. I do not mean irl, either. I mean a friend as in someone I can be myself around and feel that they want to keep engaging with me. The last of my real friendships fizzled out before I was 15. I grew up sheltered from the hardships of life, but at the same time, I was stunted from growth because the only person I could learn from was an abusive alcoholic older brother. He kept me alive, but prevented me from learning how to be normal. So I retreated as far as I could, to the point where it got physical. In the last years of middle school, I stopped applying myself in school, doing nothing with my time except reading or being absent-minded. After my first year of highschool, at the age of 17, I ran away. I took a bus to my hometown and tried to reconnect with old friends. I had fun for a few months, and I learned a lot of essential things both about myself and about the real world. Then, as suddenly as it began, it ended. I had burned any bridge that could keep me where I wanted to be.I called my brother, begged forgiveness, and came back to him. He had not changed at all. It clashed violently with my newfound outlook on life, and his abuse reached an all-time high for the remainder of my 17th and 18th years on Earth. My depression came back, but I did not retreat. I fought back, mentally and physically. Eventually the abuse stopped completely. I do not know why really. But I was left in a position where my brother was my life-source, and at the same time, I did everything in my power to not engage with him.I am 23 now. I have been in the same position since then. In the handful of years past, I have tried to spark relationships with other people. Both irl and online, platonic and romantic. However, I cannot make anything work. I am fundamentally broken with no fix in sight. The only person who has expressed a want to help me is my little sister, and I cannot even bring myself to tell her what is wrong with me. I cannot fucking talk to people. I cannot look people in the eyes. I cannot feel empathy. I write this with the full expectation that it will gather no attention. I have a burn in my mind. It throbs with pain, easily dulled with distractions, but never healing. I want to feel normal. I feel like I have got a permanent burn.
19. I am frustrated. that is the constant theme with my life. I just turned 30 last month and never really even wanted to make it that far in this state of mediocrity. My stepdad broke me as a person growing up. I am frankly terrified of men, especially loud obnoxious southern men like him who seem to all spout out endless streams of racist hate and blind adherence to tradition. he is the exact definition of the type of person I hate most and I see him in seemingly every man I have to interact with. And as a man, I am expected to be the same. And I am terrified of standing up to them all so I just stay quiet. I am just as much to blame as they are for so much that is wrong in the world because I am so chickenshit I cannot call them out when they are wrong.I spent between the ages of 17-23 absorbed in a religious phase that wasted away any potential I had. I developed a passivity that still lingers to this day, although in a more secular form. I hated my life then and did not want to admit it out of some sense of guilt so I just focused every aspect of my life around anticipating death in hopes of finally getting to reach some illusionary paradise in an afterlife. I did not care about anything. I just wanted "some job I could tolerate" to get myself through life until I could finally die. I thought too much and read too much to put it simply and started to question how the world worked. I began to take seriously the possibility that my religion was incorrect and that there might not actually be any meaning, any purpose other than what I defined for myself. I became obsessed with trying to correct my life's trajectory, having wasted away the years I should have been using to achieve education in favor of Christian superstition I had filled my head with. I wanted to be brilliant more than anything. I wanted to try to make up for what I had lost. I tried like hell to get myself straightened out and through school but failed horribly at it. I took on a few jobs trying to pay my way through school and hated every second of them, surrounded constantly by the kind of person my stepdad was. The kind of person I am apparently supposed to be in order to be a good, god-fearing American. I spent another year trying to cling desperately to something I could live for. I got myself out of my mom's house at least so that I was finally away from her own brand of religious nonsense. I successfully got into an actual relationship for the first time in my life and basically just coasted through the next few years. I obviously could not go to school since I had fucked that up. So I just did menial work I hated and coped with life as best as I could. I could not help myself and started seriously studying on my own a couple years ago, right around the beginning of 2018. With no direction or guidance, I basically just gravitated wildly toward any philosophical topic I could find that interested me and began to seriously write in an attempt at parsing my own view of reality and my place in it, as well as where to go from there. This project continued along with my regular visits to therapy and medication that I genuinely believed helped me at the time. My counselor began to suggest I look into trying to return to school again. It was something I was afraid of, but I did start to research it and found that it was possible for me to do it. I went back to school in fall 2019 and loved it. I certainly did not feel any connection to any fellow students, but it gave me regular intellectual challenges and a sense of growth. I was not able to take as many classes in person as I would have liked to because of work, but I tried to make the most of the experience. 2020 everything went to shit for everyone it seemed, and I was no exception. I had started to develop psoriatic arthritis over the past year and this escalated to a point where I lost most of my grip strength and could barely function physically at all. Given that the only things I am qualified to do for pay involve mindlessly moving things around or doing repetitive physical tasks, I felt broken and useless at doing something I hated but had to do no matter what if I wanted to survive. I began to consider suicide for the first time in years and wound up hospitalized. I eventually lost my job in the summer and struggled until I could get some treatment for PsA. When I started infusions I felt immediate relief and regained some sense of utility as a person. I was struggling with balancing classes with the job I was able to get and I jumped around aimlessly between a few jobs. I lost the last job I had in January. I was working at a food bank/thrift store donation center and missed work so I could attend a job interview elsewhere. It was not that I hated the job, I simply hated being there and having to work for a literal church. I hated sitting in employee meetings and hearing everyone ramble about how all the problems were caused by satan and that we needed to remain strong against "the enemy" knowing full well that they meant people like me. Useless godless leftist scum who just get in the way. I never got the job I interviewed for and I have been jobless ever since. I lived off savings and unemployment through that time. I lost my patience with school because as always I fail at every endeavor it seems. I felt out of place trying desperately to claw my way into an academic setting I had no business being in as someone from a working class background. I have no patience for formalities, for gatekeeping, or for endless bureaucracy. I cannot fathom suffering through another 6+ years of this to hopefully stand a chance at being valued as someone worth taking seriously when I know statistically that is incredibly unlikely. I do not have contacts, I do not know anyone, I have no shortcuts I can take. I haphazardly withdrew from college in early April citing frustration with my lack of belonging in a field which is more interested in maintaining extant social institutions than upending them. As someone who actively hates society as it is, I have lost nearly all interest in attempting to stabilize it as though we need only vote for the right liberal every four years to make everything better while nothing materially changes and the rest of the world suffers for it. I phrases my withdrawal in a way which understandably appeared to indicate a threat to myself and campus police came and made me go to the ER. Another hospital stay. I have stopped talking to my girlfriend about this stuff. She does not really care or seem to understand anymore and has told me as much at times. She is comfortable with her place in the world where she can rely on the police to handle her problems for her and get rid of those pesky undesirables who make too much noise at night rather than going and having a discussion with them herself. And I am no better. They do not bother me like they seem to bother her, but I cannot shake the fear that the situation will escalate out of control.Anyway I still have no job and I have no desire to return to college, having once again wasted more years of my life. I am tired of going outside every goddamn day and being hounded by people trying to give me religious pamphlets and by my family telling my to pray and everything will get better. I just want someone to take me fucking seriously for once in my life when I beg them to stop shoving religious shit in my face. And I am too fucking cowardly to outright tell them I am an atheist. They cannot even comprehend how such a thing could be possible. It is as though Christianity is some truth embedded in nature itself. I am terrified of finding work again because my work history is terrible and I have become obsessed with the desire to live authentically, which seems impossible to reconcile with the daily process of work. I am an inconvenience on society, which would rather like to just go about their lives praying and patiently waiting for an afterlife they will never get and *insisting* that I and others do the same, going so far as to legislate their preferred world into existence. I just want to get out of everyone is way and be left alone. I am tired of hating their ignorant fucking superstitions to the point where it is exhausting and I just want to die so I can stop bothering them. I am terrified of dying because the only thing I really care about anymore are my two cats. And I do not think my girlfriend would be able to keep them since her family is allergic and I cannot stand the thought of them suffering but I cannot stand the thought of suffering myself. I am a bitter asshole and I just want to see the world look like it might someday be a tolerable place to live in, but we are just going to cook ourselves to death slowly while making a quick buck along the way. I cannot write for shit anymore. My mind is everywhere. I do not know how the fuck I can work like this and I do not even want to at all. I do not do anything but sit around playing video games these days because they give me some semblance of control over *something*. I run a D&amp;D campaign every week. And I have my cats. These are small things but they are all I have anymore. I do not think humanity is ever going to unfuck itself and I do not want to sit around watching it get worse. But I simultaneously do not want to let go of these brief, tiny pleasures. I am trying to figure out a way to just stay out of everyone is way so I can at least live out my cats' lives. In a sense I am back where I was before. Just waiting to die. Wanting to "just get by" long enough to finally be rid of it. I hate this. Just want to get out of everyone is way
20. tw for self harm abuse and suicide for the past year i ve suffered with severe depression from family genetics and other issue a a young kid death wasn t really my first thought it just kind of started appearing after a bit when i wa in middle school my close friend sexually assaulted and abused me for a year and a half they also psychologically manipulated me and abused me in way that i m shocked they got away with i have made around failed suicide attempt in my life time only one ha been severe enough to end up in a hospital because i told people but realistically there s several more that i should have been taken to a hospital for a they probably fucked up some stuff internally i form really strong and probably toxic bond with people to the point where if i think i will be left i try so hard to keep them around that it can be overbearing i ve gone to therapy since i wa in elementary school and i ve done dbt and cbt intensively i have definitely gotten better but the fact that any time someone leaf me i feel so distraught that killing myself feel like the only option my partner and i broke up at the end of january and it ha more or le destroyed me i lost my virginity to them and the breakup came out of the blue they said we could start talking again when they felt like it so i have left them alone i wa being weird about saying hi so i tried to do that some more and i wa feeling better about moving on and staying friend in the future i really haven t been feeling better i still wanted to die but i wa managing it pretty well on monday at midnight they sent a text saying they wanted to give me closure and that they never actually wanted any sort of relationship after and oops sorry about the confusion i m not sure why they sent that we haven t spoken in almost month there ha been no communication and i only told two people how i wa secretly hoping thing could be patched up everyone else who asked i had just said hopefully we can remain friend in the future i know not everyone want to stay friend but they were the one who proposed it that sent me on a spiral i broke month of self harm ripped off my fingernail in stress and haven t eaten correctly since realistically if this is going to be my response to every breakup or conflict how can i keep living like this i don t want to end my own life since a th failed attempt would be embarrassing but i also don t want to be here anymore everyone tell me that in a few month i get to move to my dream town so it ll be fine but really i don t care about that i can t handle the pain now and knowing i ll have to have it possibly many more time is excruciating i feel like i could have been a success story but realistically if it s been so long and i ve only barely gotten better then what s the point i m trying my hardest to find reason to live right now but i don t have much to care about
21. Everything feels like a blur. it is all meaningless, life just flies by day after day and I just forget what happened in the past week. I do not even know what the emotions I feel are anymore. I have not gone outside in over 2 weeks and I cannot exactly do that because I am a minor. I do not want to keep living like this. Blurry
22. well i caved i cut myself for the first time today it didn t really hurt but it didn t help either i still feel like shit i can t take it anymore i switched school this year and have yet to make a single friend every day i m on the outside of the group i know that i did something to warrant this problem but no one will tell me what i did am doing i just gave up trying to nudge my way into conversation and just sit there and listen so i don t look like a lonely loser although i guess i look like one anyway anyone have any advice i need social interaction to get out of my depression also looking for new friend won t work a everyone in the grade act like i don t exist so don t suggest that
23. long story short someone made fun of someone s stutter in front of me cause they weren t aware i have a stutter it s mostly related to anxiety after that i kept asking myself how do i know who i can trust and in that time i told myself i felt crazy for thinking this way i told myself everybody can be made fun of for different aspect of their life and most people won t even bat an eye i wa going about my day until someone on my post said they thought this way and it led them to be paranoid and go psychotic this is my biggest fear and after reading that i almost had a panic attack and it took me 0 0 minute to calm down ever since then i can t shake this thought i realized tho the reason i think everyone care i stutter is because i m looking through my perspective not theirs i realized i wa treating my stutter a my identity and not an aspect of me if someone make a lighthearted joke about it depending on how they say it it could just be a joke and not devaluing me a a person realizing this actually make me feel like a huge weight ha been lifted off of myself but it freak me out cause i also heard before people lose touch with reality they feel great but now that i found a way out of this thought that ocd ha attached itself to it s still going over scenario that never even happened or will happen going over certain people and i m asking myself would they make fun of your stutter in this scenario i m afraid it s because i m paranoid but i think it s cause ocd is trying to keep a grip on this fear it s le of a fear people are making fun of me now and more of a fear of believing they re making fun of me doe this mean i m going crazy since the original thought didn t start a an ocd obsession
24. A little bit about me, I am 16 (m), have family and friends who care about me and have actively tried to see it through about helping me with mental health. The problem? I do not use it. I cannot get myself to do it. Everyday I sleep less and less, get angrier and angrier. Recently I have noticed something about myself, as much as I hate the thought of suicide, it still comes back to me. Like to haunt me or just get me to do it. In my closet there is a rope for you know what, and 350$ stuffed away in case I want to just run away. Is that weird? Is it weird that I find comfort in knowing that 6 feet to my left is a way to end it all, or to try and get a fresh start? I do not hate my life, but at the same time I do.Late 2020 - early 2021 has been the lowest point in my life and as much as I want to say that I have gotten over it all, it just simply is not true. Feels more like kicking the can. I guess what I am trying to say is that I have dug a hole so deep that there is only two options, kill myself or run away. I have been getting worse over the past month...
25. Hey everyone. Struggling for awhile and been a lurker, but things have been rough lately. I figured Id take a chance and see if you all can help. I am wanting to know if it is possible to save an entire text thread where it shows who sent the messages. My mom just died and I want to save our conversation so I can read it when I am missing her. I know I can select individual messages but Id love to be able to see where the message came from her. I could not find anything online and I was just hoping someone may have had this issue before. Thanks in advance. Mom died in tragic accident recently.
26. I sent her a message yesterday and it is more than 24 hours she did not even bother to read my message I had decided it if she will not reply me in 24 hours I will take my life. My message is on delivered for more than 24 hours
27. i see it a the only solution that will make this everyday pain i feel go away forever
28. Hello everyone, I have a problem all I want to do is just stay in bed and nothing, I am like this since 2 months, before this 2 months I would go outisde everyday , cars would enjoy me, I would listen to music, but now I just want to stay in my bed and sleep sometimes and even if I sleep 11 hours at night I feel sleepy and tired next day and I have no motivation do no nothing now.. btw I am 17 years old , is this normal or I am in depression, what can I do to fix this? Thank you verry much, have a great day/night ! Am I in depression?
29. every day i feel exhausted i wake up and just lay in bed i feel like i have no interest anymore even playing videogames or watching youtube isn t enjoyable anymore i feel so tired and stuck i don t know what to do with my life i am back living with my parent and currently am not working i applied for disability due to my depression i see a therapist twice a week and do chore for my parent in the meantime but i just feel like laying in bed all day even when i force myself to do thing i feel little or nothing from it i just want this feeling to end
30. Can’t seem to shake this funk… Hey everyone. I seem to have fallen into a real blue funk lately and I can’t seem to shake it. I’ve been on antidepressants for years and deal with some pretty intense anxiety, but I’m usually able to pull myself out as I’ve dealt with it for so long. I’ve cleaned my house, taken a nap, done my laundry, got outside, anything that usually helps alleviate - I’ve done it. I’m in a happy marriage, financially stable, overall live a healthy lifestyle but I seem to have this constant ache in my chest and lump in my throat lately. I don’t know how to get past it and it seems like nothing is working, but I really don’t want to see my doctor unless this persists for another week or two… does anyone have any suggestions for something that has helped them beat a blue phase? 

Thanks everyone
31. I am one of those former gifted kids that was in all the advanced classes basically until I hit high school and got depressed. Then I was just passing regular classes with ok grades, no problem. Parents are evangelical christians and think that therapy is either just for literal psychopaths or an excuse for me to get hooked on drugs. Fine, whatever, I can live without it. I hit college and things go ok for a couple of years. Then the pandemic hits, and everything goes to hell. Its so easy with online classes to say Ill do it later, especially when they are asynchronous. Ill do it later turns into Ill do two days worth of work tomorrow and then I can catch up on everything over the weekend. Except, you never do. And then the anxiety hits, and you feel awful for not doing work, so its on your mind 24/7. But you do not actually have the motivation to go do the work, and you end up burying yourself in some instant gratification trying to hide from the anxiety and get out of actually putting effort into anything. Except, this just feeds the anxiety more, which makes you delve into more instant gratification, and the cycle repeats endlessly. This has been my life for the past year and a half. Its maddening, and I honestly regret not killing myself when I was 16. At least then I would not have to deal with this. Even with only one class to focus on this summer the cycle is as vicious as ever, with no end in sight besides failure. I just want to break the cycle but it does a real good job of keeping you sucked in. Depression + Anxiety has destroyed my ability to function as a student
32. Could really use someone to talk to. I’m falling apart Never in a million years did I think I’d be on Reddit writing something like this but maybe this is my soul trying to find some sort of salvation from the pain. I’ve been thrown into the proverbial fire as of late &amp; I feel like I’m just unable to get a grip on anything. 

1. My father passed away &amp; I hadn’t spoken to him in well over 10yrs prior to his passing. He was extremely abusive to me as a child to the point or making me bleed. I am not really sad about his passing but feel many of the “what if” things in relation to a better childhood.

2. I found out that my sister is not 100% my sister &amp; we don’t have the same father &amp; we both have been lied to about that our entire lives by our mother who I also don’t have the best relationship with. We did DNA tests two days ago for absolute concrete evidence of everything so now it’s a waiting game. I live in the same house as her &amp; have been dying to get out on my own but financially am unable to at the moment due to my own disability cystic fibrosis.

3. The girl I have been in a situation-ship doesn’t feel the same way I do about her. This one hurts me so much, honestly more in a sense than my dad passing. I feel like I’m mourning the loss of someone still alive but we are still friends &amp; love one another. I never thought I’d catch feelings for her but here we are. We have a beautiful friendship , the sex is great &amp; we have so many great laughs &amp; moments. She’s been such a bright spot in my dark times lately. I wanted to see if we could give things a real try but she just doesn’t feel how I do. This now is breaking my heart &amp; don’t know how to navigate it. I don’t want to just get rid of her as a friend, I genuinely care about her. She is fine with continuing what we are doing but I’m not sure I can do that right now with how I feel about her. 

Everything is just compounding ontop of eachother &amp; I feel like I’m suffocating. My appetite is shot, I feel restless where I feel like I’m going crazy &amp; I’ve been having very dark thoughts &amp; find humor in self harm jokes to myself &amp; my close friends. 

Maybe this is a cry for help, maybe I’m trying. I’m not sure. But if anyone reads this &amp; has advice or a heart to be here for me I would love &amp; cherish your kindness. Thank you .
33. I was telling them how nervous I am feeling now that my work is talking about WFH privileges ending in a few of weeks due to Covid restrictions ending. They asked me why I would not be happy to be in the office again and I told them that I have always been bullied at school or work and so I just want to do my work and not socialise or whatever. I just want to do my task earn my pay and then enjoy my free time. I really like WFH, wearing a mask to hide my face and people keeping a distance I never want those things to end. I do not have any other friends but I am ok with it as I have given it a try and been hurt and let down so I am quite content just being at home on my own.they have never judged me before and I thought they understood how years of pain has made me wary of other human beings but today they said you are on a path to loneliness and they looked at me as if they were so disappointed in me and maybe not even like me anymore. Now I do not think I will tell them anything ever again. My worries and thoughts will be locked inside my head now forever. The one person I felt safe to share things with has now lost that trust.
34. I have been heavily depressed for years but always had a bit of fire left in my belly. I was able to defend myself despite feeling awful about myself. Now I feel so sensitive and lukewarm even when I know I should react. People have disrespected me so much and I have not reacted as I should. I just end up getting anxious and freeze up. How can I fix this? Losing My Edge
35. Can you share what your indicators are that an episode is coming? Can you feel when a depressive episode is coming on? Is it gradual or sudden for you usually?
36. i had never even thought of suicide before because i wa too shielded from the real world and i thought that it something people do only in the most horrible situation it started when i wa at school speaking to a kid i knew only because she wa a friend of a friend we we re laughing about something when i saw the scar on her hand which couldn t have happened naturally it freaked me out to see that a kid my age with a similar background would resort to self harm and attempt suicide then i started failing in test each time i felt really low i came closer and closer to killing myself i now know how to tie a noose and what height i need to jump from in order to die at this rate i won t survive till my th birthday
37. 2 years I have been unemployed. Its not close to the caliber of what I am used to, or what I used to do, but its a god damn interview. I have an interview today
38. since when i was 14 (I am 17) I realized something was wrong with my family, they were realy rude, have very high expectations on me and they were manipulative (also they just teach to repres my emotions). while growing up, this situation got worse but i had a escape, school n friends. Sadly i finish school 6 months ago, with the pandemic i broke, also my parents put more pressure on me, they need more grades n more housework.the last few months have been pure pain for me, i cannot reach they high expectations, also they started so insult me. When i finally talked to them, (i was crying) i explained to them how they behavior affected me and i need therapy. My parents just stared at me,then laugh at me and say i only need to control myself. I cried for hours after that.Now I am hopless about my situation, i just cannot do nothing, i start to consider self harm, i cannot move till 21 (they pay my university and i love my career, i study Music), i know I will get better but i just cannot take another day with my family, i want to die , i cannot make it for another day, i just want this to end. My parents denied me therapy, I am really depressed and i do not know what to do
39. Nobody knows the length of my depression... I am sad every single day for years now and I have created a whole identity around being this way and i do not recognize anything else anymore. The only reason why I do not come clean about feeling depressed and talking to friends about it or getting diagnosed and actually seeing a professional is because I secretly do not even want to get better, I am so comfortable knowing I am down here and cannot possibly get lower. I feel myself distancing from friends and family and i feel them being done with me and quite frankly Ill be relieved if they completely cut ties. Maybe then i do not have to hide behind a mask anymore and just let me sadness take me over without worrying too much about sending bad and sad vibes onto other people. Every time i seen people I just unintentionally let out this massive dark energy and i feel them feel it. I am not suicidal or self harm but if an accident happened to me it would be for the best and hopefully without hurting anyone. i chose comfort over happiness
40. I do not want to be here but I also do not want to kill myself, mainly for the sake of my family. If I could die in a car crash or some natural disasters that would be nice! My family would be upset of course but it would surly be easier on them than me taking my own life. No easy way out
41. I have come to the realization that no one really cares everyone is busy in their own business and life I do not have any friends I talk with a teacher I had in my last school and she does not even have time for meIm all alone This body dismorphia ruined meI FEEL SO LOST Nobody cares
42. I do not know what to do. 8 months ago, I was 147 pounds. Now I am 169. I am only 510, and I feel like I am about to lose it. I am going on a trip to see my family who is fairly toxic when it comes to weight and I am so fucking scared I already deal with body dysmorphia and I do not know what to do. I need to go from 170 to at least 150 or less in 3 weeks which means 6.67 pounds a week. How the fuck do I achieve something like that? Do I do less than 500 calories a day or something since you need 3500 calories burned to get rid of 1 pound of fat. And if my natural burn rate is 2000 calories a day and I eat 500, that is only 1500. So I need to burn 2000 more calories a day to achieve around a pound a day to keep my 6.67 pound a week loss.I am already dealing with really bad depression, which causes me to constantly overeat and binge because it makes me feel better, so now I need to control that to not get ridiculed by my fucking family. My mom looked so disappointed and disgusted when I told her I was 167. Now I am 2 pounds over that.I do not have any more therapy sessions left since my insurance will not cover any more for this year and I am spiraling.My family needs to deal with a slowly overweight depressed body dysmorphic closeted bitch and pretend like its fine. Fuck. I need to lose 20 pounds. I need to. I need to lose 20 pounds in 3 weeks and I am at a breaking point
43. I excel academically, I am in one of the best universities in the world, I am very socially active and I have a lot of friends, I do not have a gf but I have no problem with girls, I know I am liked. Then why the fuck do I still dread every day. Why do I want to die, why do I have suicidal thoughts every fucking day. I cannot do this shit anymore. Why am I depressed? Why do I want to kill myself?
44. I am so fucked up. I kind of like something about being depressed. On good days I get mad that I am not depressed. I feel like I am not myself when I am happy I am only myself when I am depressed. Can anybody relate to this? Why tf do I like something about being depressed
45. TW: Selfharm, mention of suicide This is a throwaway account because friends and family know my main account and I would rather not have them see this. Also as a warning, English is not my first language and I am drunk right now. I am trying to correct all typos as much as possible.I have been battling depression and PTSD for more than 7 years now and have been all alone for almost all of that time. My parents pretended to car but just forced me to go to therapy instead of lettint me make my own choices and do things in my own pace A year ago I have met my now best friend who I will call Troy. I love him so much, he is like a brother to me but I feel like I am too broken to have any friends. I feel like all I do is ruin his mood with my crying and venting and I cannot help but think that he would he better off without me. I should never have been born and I wish I was just dead. I am a failure and I do not know what to do anymore. I am too much of a coward to do it but I wish I could just kill myselfI'm not doing him any good and he is beating himself up because he cannot help me. I am too broken to have f4iens. I should be alone forever because all I do is ruin everythingI'm sorry, I do not know what my goal with this post is but I guess I am just hoping for someone to be there. Not to feel alone.. indint know I do not know what do to anymore
46. je pense supprimer twitter parce que bonjour la d pression ici y a de personnes joyeuses dans votre tl vous
47. 2 years of depersonalization/derealisation and depression and suicidal thoughts. It has not gotten better and I now hate myself and I know I will not ever like myself again. I have become a robot. I cannot even talk or look any family members in the eyes. Friends do not understand the dpdr side. It hurts because I have only opened up to two people about it who are my friends and one said he thought he had it and it was not that bad and the other asked if I am imagining it all this going on and I have to decide my future now. I am going into college in a month and have to pick a job and all. Antidepressants not working and I have gotten fat and cannot even care. Only reason I live is because if I did not it would because my family pain and I am very grateful that my family loves me even though most of them do not love eachother but I do not even deserve their love. I hate myself for past mistakes and believe I do not ever deserve love or happiness but sometimes think death is an easy way out and think maybe living and suffering would be a better punishment for me. Idk life is so hard I just slept most of the day today. I have not even had the energy to socialize anymore. I never really had it but I forced myself to but now I cannot even do that. I think old friends think I am Just being rude and do not like them but its not even true. No one even takes me seriously anyway I am just a joke of the group who they think is so stupid because I just laugh and nod if it gets to awkward and can never say what I actually want to. Whatever though I really want to live a happy life and forgive myself but I know its impossible No relief
48. I feel like an actual child. I cannot control my emotions. I am full of RAGE and vengeance. I want to throw things and destroy everything in my path. FUCK IT ALL. I have been scream-crying for three days straight. I feel so raw. I am so fucking mad. I am done. I am DONE. I want everyone to DIE or FUCK OFF. I hope my father kills himself soon I REALLY do. He deserves pain. I want him gone. he is A WOMANIZING PIECE OF SHIT NARCISSIST WHO DESERVES TO DIE ALONE. YOU DROVE ME TO SUICIDE YOU BASTARD AND CALLED IT A STUNT. YOU GAVE ME DIAZEPAM. YOU LEFT PILLS OUT. YOU RUINED YOUR LITTLE GIRL. FUCKING DO EVERYONE A FAVOR AND HANG YOURSELF. ITS ALL YOU ARE GOOD AT. FUCK THIS WORLD! I do not even want to die, I am just in agonizing, grieving pain these past days
49. I am trying to make a checklist of things to do to avoid the deepest pits of depression - or at least mitigate the damage done when in that hole. Just a list of things to maintain or have someone else help me (or you) maintain to reduce the impact of those times - if they cannot be avoided entirely. Thought some of you might have some ideas I have not thought of. So far I have: 1. Are you gaming too much? (I tend to use games to avoid my problems)2. Have you been drinking enough water? 3. Do you need a haircut? (When my hair gets long I tend to let go of all my other grooming which just makes everything worse)4. Have you done the laundry?5. Is there plenty of food in the house? (If I do not have easily accessible food in bad times I either will not eat or will eat terribly unhealthy food)it is a start. I am curious what things you notice in your own life that are markers for you of mental health slipping. Please comment. Mental health maintenance checklist
50. I am (M)21 and I really have no ambition in life, is ittoo late for me or will I figure it out in time? I was diagnosed with depression since I was 18 and the pills helped me for a bit but its only temporary. It feels like I am a lost because. I know everyone is disappointed in me and I really do not want to go on with life anymore, nothing seems to be in my favor. I hope I will get better because if it will not, I am really considering taking my life. Is it too late for me?

RECOGNITION PATTERNS FOR Depression
- Expressions of sadness, hopelessness, or emptiness
- Feelings of worthlessness or guilt
- Loss of interest in activities
- Fatigue and low energy
- Difficulty concentrating or making decisions
- Negative self-talk and pessimistic views
- Mentions of crying, numbness, or emotional pain

Top indicator words: end, good, depressed, die, happy
