Mental Health Status: Personality_Disorder

OVERVIEW
Total statements: 1201
Percentage of dataset: 2.3%

COMMON KEYWORDS
end: 495 occurrences
good: 200 occurrences
alone: 132 occurrences
well: 122 occurrences
hurt: 102 occurrences
fear: 97 occurrences
scared: 77 occurrences
anxious: 69 occurrences
lonely: 67 occurrences
kill: 66 occurrences
great: 66 occurrences
sad: 65 occurrences
die: 64 occurrences
rage: 63 occurrences
happy: 61 occurrences

EXAMPLE STATEMENTS
1. my guinea pig passed and now there's just me i dont know if my flair is correct? idk.   
last night around 2 am, she passed. my sweet lilith. i had her for a good 7 years and she was a darling, so sweet and kind, jumpy and squeaky, all up until the last couple days where she suddenly became so tired. her last day came around and i just *felt* it. she was so exhausted. i tried to get her into my local vet yesterday but they said they didnt have time for her that day? so we stuck it out, hoping i would get her in today, but. there wasnt time. i gave her as much water as she would take before she passed, tried to feed her, and mostly just. talked to her and praised her and loved her. i held her all night. she hadnt eaten in a day already, aside from the very few nibbles she'd taken from what i tried to give her. tomato was her favorite food, so i brought her some tomato last night as she was on her last leg. it was her last treat. i was surprised she came running for it, despite her exhaustion, and she had a little nibble. just a little. i wanted her to have more, but she was so tired and im glad she had even that. everything seemed so much for her. she snuggled with me in some of her last moments before i tucked her back in her cage where she felt safest. and she passed.    
i have friends, but not very close ones anymore, as ive isolated myself so much. i feel very, very alone, and i dont know if there's anything else for me here. i think there's probably not. im so, so tired and im ready to give up. my parents are going away for the weekend and, with the way things are lining up, i wonder if now is the time.   
i guess im just posting this to vent, or maybe to have someone for a little bit, or maybe a call for help, or something. i dont know. but im so tired and sad and afraid and alone and im so over it all. i want it to end so badly and. idk. im sorry, i really am, i just want it all to end. i want it to be over so badly.
2. My first therapy appointment in a long time I have had bad luck with therapists in the past but decided to try again. I am mainly going to overcome a fear of driving. I have driven before back as a teenager and the process was going well but there were some things that happened that then hindered it. Before in therapy, I didn't have specific goals and I don't think that helped.
3. Is it okay to appear rude to others? I find it extremely anxiety inducing to be disliked, and appearing rude or non caring elicits this reaction from others.

The funny thing is, I am continually, day after day, in my attempts not to appear this way, am this way. I don't give solid eye contact to others, mere glances, I hide myself away in plain sight with poor, meek body language, I carry myself without confidence to avoid interactions.

All in vain attempts of appearing, in my delusional mind, 'nice'. It is so self destructive, you essentially let people walk over you, ignore you, in some desire to be liked. By people who dislike you, will come to dislike you as a result of your behaviours, or simply horrible people who you wouldn't want to like you. 

Let me give an example, of what I'm thinking. 

You're shopping for groceries, you want to look at a shelf which is currently occupied by someone else, you need something on that shelf, like a tin of food or something. Usually I will see this and think 'oh my god, don't want them to know I need something there' heavens forbid if they see me, what will they think? So I quickly change direction and pretend to look at other items until they move.
So, instead, why not stand in their shadow, and wait patiently, let your presence be seen, in an ideal world, ask them to make space if you know exactly what you need but that would come when you're more confident? So yes, stand next to them, and don't budge, just let them know non verbally, you're waiting.

Another example, you're at the cashier, they're doing your items, I always look everywhere but where I need to look, I lose focus on what I should be looking at, which is the items I'm paying for, the cashiers eyes in case they're trying to communicate something. And what if they say something, small talk for instance, well maybe I'm not in the mood to pursue further small talk, so why not just give closed answers, why do I feel the need to fill the silences, to say whatever I can to appear 'normal'. I come across as flustered, shy, unconfident, I see it in their faces, they see the fear, they see the disgust on my face believing I'm a wrongin or something but it's really just negativity brewing inside of me of being in such a anxiety inducing situation that causes these expressions on my face, then they mirror it. And I think awful things about myself. 
So why not stay calmer, speak slower, not try and have a positive small talk experience, just take things at my own pace. Otherwise I leave feeling utterly embarrassed, ashamed, and the next time I shop there and there my cashier they're going to hate that I'm there. As opposed to being more stoic and less nervously chatty.

I'm rambling a bit, losing focus on my words, sorry but some of that probably doesn't make sense. I hope you get the type of rude I'm talking about. It's not purposefully being rude. It's more, being true to yourself, being comfortable in your own body and standing up to be counted as an equal. Something I avoid.

Any ideas or experiences, suggestions on these niche topic please?
4. Why is AVPD considered a personality disorder and not a mental illness? So from what i have read seems like AVPD is the only pure ego-dystonic personality disorder and usually personality disorders are seen as a flaw in someone's personality and are ego-syntonic in nature but in the case of AVPD seems like no one likes to have this condition. So why isn't AVPD considered a mental illness because the symptoms of someone with AVPD seems to match up with different things like social anxiety and extreme low self esteem? Like the symptoms are basically the same in a lot of ways.
5. DAE feel like nobody will ever love you? And before well meaning people jump in to say that I "can't know that for sure", or that "there's someone for everyone"... please note that it will not make me feel better. Don't undermine my suffering, please.

  
People don't fall in love with someone who's a shell of a person, unable to function and express themselves. They don't become friends with "people" like me.  
But without human connection, you are not able to grow up. You are left a forever lonely, lost child in a slowly decaying body.

  
There's only so much "healing" a person without a support system can do on their own. It's excruciating, and humiliating, constantly feeling like you're worse than everyone around you, a cruel parody on a living creature.
6. must bargain with the universe for social plans so my (18ftm) coworker "evilyn" (19f) was going to see a band at a music venue an hour away, she posted to her instagram story about needing a ride, i offered to take her because i want to get out of the house. she said she'd be down and now i'm just waiting for her to respond so we can plan stuff on SC. 

she mentioned having extra tickets, but i'm still buying my own because she didn't directly offer it to me, and i don't want to embarrass myself in case it's not implied. they're like 15$ each so it's not outlandish or anything. and i'm too afraid to ask to clarify like "so if i'm going too would you give me one of your extra tickets?" it's not unreasonable i know- if i were her i wouldn't mind the question but i'd feel like a terrible person for asking even if we were closer. also not going to clarify that this is 100% platonic because we're coworkers and i *think* she knows i'm gay (the one thing i miss about presenting female is that i never had to make those distinctions with other girls). but will live in fear of that misunderstanding nonetheless. 

another fear: evilyn is on pretty friendly terms with "jonah" (20M) our other coworker, a the one and only person ive ever romantically pursued (lots to unpack with that but for brevity's sake, let's not.) as in, they've hung out outside of work more than once. now, i don't think jonah is the petty type, but if evilyn mentions it to him i wouldn't put it past him to say something (idk what but not sure he likes me much at the moment) that would make her back out. and if that were the case she'd just make an excuse so i would never really know. 

rambling post, but i wanted to talk about my fears somewhere. this is the closest i will get to feeling hyped about hanging out with someone. 

mainly- in my own head i have to "earn" outings by going over everything that could go wrong and by being of use- ie giving her a ride without expecting a free ticket. yeeeah it's a lot. thanks for reading all 🖤
7. Resentment Ever hate people because you can't ever be like them? I have this person in my class and she's so perfect, so put together, she makes me jealous. If I'm ever good at something she'll be better.... its like I can never be better than her in anything.  I know I sound immature, dumb too but i needed to let this out.
8. Do you have an Inner monologue? 

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/10n9t63)
9. Adrian from the movie Rocky [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oYGD4JtFscI](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oYGD4JtFscI)

Was just watching this classic again the other day. Poor Adrian. What do you guys think? Is this AvPD?
10. do u take selfies? if so, do u post them? im curious. bcuz i sorta do and i post.. even tho i feel shit ab my appearance. its a confusing relationship lol
11. I'm screwed, maybe many of you are too? One thing I'm aware of is after you've been disconnected from societal norms for a few years, it seems very difficult to return. I tend to stay away from looking at other people's lives, overall it is good but you also need an awareness of how far adrift you are and the standard you're compared against.

The average person is socially active, whereas were disengaged. They have a constant stream of chores hobbies events plans, messaging circles. In a day some days I speak to no one and can't even find the motivation to do anything new, even something like watching a movie I can put off. My point is that after a while when you look at the ''activity level'' of a normal average person I just feel inadequate. This is made worse reinforced by the fact that whenever i do try connect with others I get rejected thats because they can sense pretty early I have nothing going on for myself in these social areas and I am not so much like them. And thats the catch-22 because people excluding you stops you ever having anything.

I'm incapable of organising a fun life, things, like viewing someone in family gathering and getting along with large groups of people and creating a good impression, are intimidating,nearly impossible for me. I'm behind in career, life experiences, life skills, energy. It's just difficult to even get a footing, iv been cut away for so long and many types have closed the door on me
12. Being vulnerable sucks I opened up to coworkers about being bisexual, and it feels AWFUL feeling so vulnerable and exposed. It feels really bad giving people ammo to judge you. But I took a big risk opening up to them, in hopes it brings us closer. We'll see how it pays off, but right now it feels super uncomfortable.
13. Fantasising causing issues with my sleep It seems like no matter how tired I am, whenever I go to bed I just lay there thinking about hypothetical situations that are unlikely to ever happen. Generally it'll be fantasies (for lack of a better word) about potential relationship situations or generally sometimes just social situations and it's absolutely ruining my ability to sleep. I'm distracting myself with other things for hours just in an effort to be too tired to fantasise but it happens anyway and my sleeping pattern is being ruined because of it.

Anyone do the same or any advice on how to ease off on this?
14. how to get over fear of therapy/getting help i'm 18 and have never gone to therapy or received any help and i really want to try it out but i'm so terrified of it and keep thinking things such as, 'what if i misinterpret a question and answer "wrong"' or that i will waste their time by not being completely truthful. i very very rarely open up to anyone and when i do i have the sudden urge to cut off all contact with them which would obviously not be very useful with a therapist. i did once apply for therapy for social anxiety but cancelled the process just as i got to the last step because i convinced myself i was faking it. i want help and i don't want things to get worse but i don't know how to go about it. 

any advice on how to overcome this fear or services available that i should start with?
(i'm from the uk btw)
15. I can’t look at Reddit anymore There’s always someone being rejected, and when they show hatred for them, I feel hated as well.
16. I was triggered while talking to an old school friend and crashed the interaction This happened 9 month ago.

I (M,50) was being approached by a woman that was in the same class in school with me some 30+ years ago. 

I was just loading groceries into my car when she drove past behind me and said loudly: "oh hey, that's a familiar face... :-)". 

I turned around and was pleasantly surprised to see her... we started to talk, she said she has seen me in this supermarket before. 

We exchanged some small talk... what do you do, where do you live, do you still have contact with the people of the past... this kind of stuff. 

I already was kind of nervous, because of the small talk situation, but when the topic of the other people from the past came up, i began to panic. 

The thing is, that i was being bullied for the 5 years that I was in this class. Not from her, she was always nice.

But the time in this class left it's marks and I didn't want to have anything to do with the people from these circles after I was done there.

So at the end of our talk she asked if we should exchange numbers... and i froze. 

There were just so many thoughts in my head, but i couldn't say any of them because none of these were appropriate for a casual conversation after 30 years.

A small part of me was flattered that she remembered me and cared to approach me.

But all the other parts of my brain were actively persuading me why this was not a good idea:

"when i exchange numbers i will have to be prepared for her to call/text anytime, i don't like this."

"i clearly still have a problem with the "old times" and the people from the past."

"when i call/text with her then i will have to explain this sooner or later or just lie and pretend that these things did not affect me."

"this is not the kind of topic that i can casually bring up after 30 years, so i can't explain this, and don't think that i can lie, either..."

"besides, if i exchange numbers then i will have to, well, talk... text... ask questions... like a normal person, and since i live very isolated, i kind of forgot how to do this."

"and what do i do if she wants to get a coffee... or meet others..." 

"it's better to just end this here now and not exchange numbers."

"but i can't say that i don't want to exchange numbers, who does something like this? i would have to explain this."

I was spiraling...

I'm not sure how long i stood there saying nothing. I guess she could tell from my face that there was a problem.

Then she said: "you don't have to say anything".

I think I mumbled something like "okay", and "it was really nice meeting you" and we parted.

I should have just exchanged the number and go from there.

I really would have liked to be able to do this, but i couldn't.

I regret this now, and i am constantly thinking if i should contact her (I know her address but of course not her phone number, so i would have to write a letter i guess) and try to explain things.

At least tell her that it \*really\* was nice seeing her and that my reaction (or lack thereof), was not because of her, but had other personal reasons.

But of course, everything is much more awkward now than if i would just have exchanged the number...
17. Just venting Wanna preface this by saying that I'm not diagnosed nor do I self-diagnose. It's just that I can relate to some of the symptoms and people here, and I'm wondering if anyone can relate to my feelings.

I feel insane sometimes. I feel really neurotic, paranoid, insecure, and immature sometimes. When I don't think about memories or people that upset me, I'm fine. These past few months I've been slowly recovering from this horrible depression that's plagued me for a while, but in these past few days it's been returning as I start thinking about these bad memories again.

I feel traumatized and like I'm a victim of something I can't understand. Like I'm alone in this pain. The thing is that my "trauma" is really just a dozen or so bad interactions I had in my old circle of friends. In particular, there was this one person who I had a handful of unpleasant interactions with. These were mostly brief exchanges that shouldn't have affected me as much as they did, but they felt really, sincerely resentful and unwarranted. What did I do? I didn't know how to stand up for myself, and nobody did for me.

This person lashed out at me, calling me insecure and afraid a couple of times, and said some horrible things about people with my disability. They're ableist and, honestly, that group as a whole was too. Not out of malicious intent but ignorance.

This person wasn't wrong, but the way they treated me didn't help. Seeing those criticisms mirrored by others a couple of times made me feel even more weak, because I knew I was being talked about behind my back. And when I did eventually see how this person talked about me behind my back, it felt nasty and unwarranted.

Still though, it feels so fucking stupid man. I don't know why I let this hurt me. It's been months since I stopped talking to those friends, a few years since those bad exchanges occured, and it still affects me. I never met a person who exhibited such resentment for me in my life, seemingly for no justifiable reason. It really hurt my self-esteem and it still does.

When I think about those friends for too long I start to say things like "I wanna die" to myself, like a tic. It's so stupid and I feel like a horrible person for this. For feeling such disproportionate hurt over a dozen or so bad memories. When I don't think about this stuff I begin to feel more "normal" again though.

Sorry that this is so long but I'm just wondering if anyone can relate. If not, sorry for wasting your time. I hope this isn't considered off-topic since I'm undiagnosed. But yeah, I feel really pathetic about this side of myself. Maybe I'm just highly neurotic, I don't know. I just wish I could understand what's wrong with me.
18. How emotional are you, on a scale from 1 to 100? Name the top 5 things that make you emotional.

1. Music (power metal or anime OST)
2. WW2 Documentaries.
3. Psychologists crying about their patients.
4. Music again
5. And... Music one more time.
20. Social media is so weird sometimes. I just don’t get the “I’m gonna post a picture of my face and I want you to like it.” Maybe I just didn’t develop a self-esteem high enough to be able to relate to that.
21. mortified I made a mistake on an incident report for a client I work with and instead of a supervisor bringing it up with me in person she brought it up in a virtual clinic wide meeting in front of 50+ people. 

I had to turn off my camera so I could cry. I hate myself for not being good at any kind of work. For working a job that makes no money so I am stuck at my parents house. I hate myself.
22. I came off as an asshole today and I’m struggling with it I went to the mall to buy some fragrances and I came off as a massive asshole to the cashiers. There was originally only one girl that was attending the area I went to, so I thought I would be fine. Wrong. She seemed like she was new and when I asked her for the fragrance I wanted she seemed confused and said she was going to get someone to help me. She came back with two women, and they’re all staring at me while I say what I want. Then one of the women she brought back started asking me questions, I wasn’t prepared for this and I sort of shut down. She asked me what I was currently wearing and I lied and said I didn’t wear anything currently, then she asked me if I would wear something sweeter than the fragrance I had picked out and I just shook my head and looked at some other bottles of perfume. I acted mostly dismissive towards the three women because I was so uncomfortable and just wanted the situation to end. I wanted to get out of the situation as fast as possible so I grabbed a different fragrance that I was familiar with and told them I would just buy that. 

I had tried to prepare myself beforehand to speak to one person, because the last time I went there was only one person I had to talk to. Talking to three people made me so uncomfortable and I acted like a dismissive asshole. I thought it would be really easy for me since I already knew what I wanted and I assumed I could just tell the lady the name of what I wanted and she would tell me whether they had it or not. I also feel really bad for the new girl because I could tell she didn’t really know what she was doing and I just made it worse for her. And the lady that was asking me questions seemed very nice and I feel bad for acting the way I did. Now that I think about it, the second lady was probably trying to set an example to the new girl and I ruined it for her. 

I had avoided buying fragrances online in fear that the bottles would break in the mail but I will probably only buy them online from now on.

This experience made me realize that I also act cold and asshole-ish to everyone that’s not the people I live with, or my mom. But that’s also the only way I can speak to people, so I’m kind of stuck between don’t socialize at all or act cold to everyone.
23. suffering from AvPD as an ugly guy is like a cruel joke sometimes I can't believe i'm in this situation lol, it's like a nightmare. You know nothing is gonna change even if you cure this sickness, because you are ugly and getting excluded is a natural procces for you.

Edit: Posting something like this was a miskate. Looks like when you are an ugly man you can't talk about your problems, and when you do people tell you its all your fault and you have a shitty personality (you cannot say the opposite otherwise you will get downvoted to the bottom). Thanks to our helpful users here, today i learned i'm a sexist schizophrenic guy who has some personality issues and treats other people like shit(even tho they dont talk to me for more than 10 seconds).
25. Societal Standards Not sure if this is just me but the more I self reflect the more i realize that im unhealthily antisocial but ok with that until i feel societal pressure to be different. Ive always been a loner and i can be like that ALL the time but the only time i feel shameful of that is when im around other people who aren’t like that and find it weird. It’s almost like one part of me desires companionship and being more friendly because that’s what you need for a “happy life” (apparently) but putting myself out there never satisfies me. Having friends just stresses me out and makes me deeply insecure there’s literally no satisfaction I get from it. I guess I’m deeply unhealthy but I love to isolate and can’t relate to others and feel insecure about it, like I wish I could be in the standard of what’s normal but I’m also really addicted to unhealthy habits. Do I sound crazy 😭 it’s hard to put into words how I feel but it’s like I’m so closed off and avoidant around people and get stressed about societal pressures but am ok with my unhealthy isolation until I realize other people don’t live their lives like that. I don’t want to miss out but find it hard to change. I guess my behavior isn’t normal but trying to fit in just makes my anxiety so bad. Hopefully somebody understands what I mean. 😭 I think this is just how it is when your mentality ill for a long period of time.
26. I'm So Sick of Thinking Someone Hates Me When They Don't Call Back This has been going on since I was a child.  A  friend or family member doesn't answer my call and after a half hour I start to worry that they don't care about me anymore.  I'm an extremely logical person, but can't help following that sinking emotion that has me analyzing all these dooming  scenarios that leaves me wondering if I said something that pissed them off or if they figured something out about our relationship and decided to move on.  I know better, but have never been able to relieve myself.  I guess I just cant help but to feed the worry over believing in myself and the people close to me.
27. Looking for some good vibes Hello everyone, I am writing this because I've been reading posts on this sub for the past week, since I've learned about AvPD from my new therapist and researching about this disorder, as I believe I also suffer from it and have a curiosity from you people.

Unfortunately, not to make anyone feel bad about it, as I know this condition is very hard to live with, but I have been trying to look for some success stories from people here, or maybe just some nuggets of hope from people that have managed to peacefully live this life.

So my question for you, especially maybe for the older people here with the condition,or the ones that have managed to get married or with any other kind of "success", no matter how small, what is your outlook on life? What advice do you have regarding managing this condition?

Although I've also had a rough couple of days, I'd like to believe that not all is bleak and that getting access to good stories from people similar to you can certainly help.

Please share anything you'd like that might help me and others on this sub.
29. Update to 'Oh god, I have a date' [My old post](https://www.reddit.com/r/AvPD/comments/zwc806/oh_god_i_have_a_date/)

Hi everyone!

Since you all were so kind I wanted to share my experience. The date went okay, but she kind of felt distant to me afterwards, shorter answers, not really engaging in text chats.  
It felt like she had no interest so I stopped texting her.  
Last Wednesday after a dance class some people went to a bar in the same building. I chatted with her and some other people. It was quite nice.  
Afterwards we had the same way home so we walked together and kept talking.  
She talked about some mental health problems she had and how she was dealing with it, therapy and so on. She was quite open and frank.  
Later when I was at home I thought about how she was in person compared to the text messages. My picture of her had changed a bit. Previously I would have said she was quite the confident woman (I still think she is though), but afterwards I saw that she also had internal struggles and insecurities.  
So, I today decided to ask her again if she'd like to meet for a coffee.  
She texted me back, that she thinks I'm really sweet and it's always fun talking with me, but her life is too "full" right now and she has no place right now for another friendship or something deeper. She'd like to keep it at the dance lessons and socials. She is sorry, that's probably not the answer I was hoping for, but she is just trying to being honest.  
I wrote back, that it wasn't the answer I hoped for, but I thought I would get. I thought she was a great person and find her to be pretty awesome, so I had to write her.  
  
So, that's it. I'm a bit sad now, although I knew this would be  coming. Still it's better to be in the clear.  
  
I've given up some hope to find a partner. It's so hard not to be frustrated or be frustrated, live through the frustration and get out of it on top.  
  
My few relationships began during those very rare moments in my life, where I was truly happy. A condition that feels unreachable at the moment. This makes it feel impossible to find love.  
I try to be the best person I can be, but it never feels enough.
30. here goes nothing Would anyone in their early 20s like to chat occasionally? Maybe even be friends? I literally talk to no one I figure maybe the social interaction could be beneficial
31. Consultation on the treatment of Avoidant Personality Disorder My childhood assessment showed that I have been suffering from Avoidant Personality Disorder, Generalized Anxiety Disorder, Social Anxiety Disorder and Selective Mutism. In the last year, my doctor has prescribed anti-anxiety medication such as Buspirone and Pregabalin to help me feel relaxed and hopefully make me more confident to communicate with people outside of my family.

However, until now, I am still very nervous and terrified of talking to people outside of my family. In this way, apart from making me unable to make friends, I am also too nervous for interviews, making it difficult for me to find a job. Please advise me on how to overcome my symptoms of Avoidant personality disorder, Selective Mutism or Anxiety Disorder so that I can join the workforce.
32. Out with friends for the first time in a long time.. can’t leave.. Went out with an old friend for her birthday in a city two hours away from where I live. 

Things were going well but I’m getting the feeling I annoyed everyone and no one wants to hear my voice anymore. I can’t excuse myself and go home, and I also feel rude saying I’m going to bed first. I’m the only single person here, and there’s so many years of bonding and inside jokes I’ve missed out on. 

You know when at the beginning of the night everyone seems happy to see you and laughs at your comments (if you’re your lucky), but then everyone slowly stops replying to you and distancing themselves from you as the night goes on. I also got overstimulated and frustrated very briefly (not at anyone in particular) but now I just feel like I overstayer my welcome. 

I’m stuck here until tomorrow morning when we go home, and I have no one to talk to because this girl I came with is my only friend. I feel like shrinking and making everyone forget I was ever here.
34. Idk if this fits here at all but Did anybody do desperate things to subconsciously make people “like” them or just me This is actually so sad but I remember one time in high school I bought donuts for no reason and gave them away to people I was “friends” with just because, for no reason, I also did the same thing with smoothies once, spent $80 at tropical smoothie, &amp; at powderpuff practice did the same thing with slurpees. Desperate much.
35. How to deal with rejection when you have avpd? I feel like I'm dying, like there's a hole in my chest and thoughts make me feel like I'm falling in. I'm also having very negative thoughts, I'm realising I'm angry at myself for being vulnerable enough for this to happen to me. Please help if you've been through this...I see no hope. P.s I mean rejected after asking a girl out I've been talking to for months.
36. Crying when seeing sth cute/innocent? Whenever I see something cute and/or innocent, it literally hurts my heart. The classic pain in the heart that anyone who ever had depression/lovesickness knows about. Basically like a dagger stabbing you. Anyone feel the same? 

Examples: 

Dad just bought a used Mac &amp; iPhone and he is so happy about it. Wtf would I want with a Mac/iPhone... But his happiness, over such a simple thing, hurts me. 

Mum finishing knitting one of her blankets/socks. Mum greeting the dog. WHATEVER makes mum happy, makes me sad af, because mum has depression too and idk how she can be happy. Why cant I be like her.... 

My GF just built a new computer, its her first one, she is very excited to do some vtubing on twitch or whereever. She's so happy about it... everytime I hear her being excited about it, it hurts so hard. When Im alone it even makes me cry (rare cuz im usually way over crying, depression level wise). Also anything else she is happy about, like a new plushie, or whatever she cooked, its always so innocent that it just hurts. (inb4 ppl doubt my AvPD cuz i have GF: I ghost her for about 4 out of 7 weekdays, for no reason at all, cant do anything against it... Yet she stays, idk why.)

The dog greeting my parents. Animals in general.. 

My grandpa being happy about anything even tho he old.

I just want their lifes, I guess? I cannot be happy and I only think about negative stuff all fkin day. But im  stuck in my own world, my own body, so I sleep more than 50% of the day. That way I only feel like shit 50% of the day. 5head move, I know. 

Tldr: Seeing innocence hurts my heart. Do you feel the same?
37. Longtime lurker with AvPD just wanting to vent about the fantasy of disappearing and starting a different life Using my alt throwaway because reasons. Recently I’ve been having a hard time, and although I have deeply caring and wonderful people in my life, I still isolate and as much as I crave time with others I get tired so easily after a short while. Also grew up with cluster B parents and family which doomed me to some kind of mental problems. 

Lately I’ve begun to think about the idea of just leaving. Disappearing, no trace. Not suicide. I’m not suicidal at all, I mean leaving, going somewhere I’m not known, changing all my details, and completely starting over. I can’t help but feel it would make no difference to anyone, in fact it might even be better.

I’ve googled step by step ‘how to’s ’ on it.

I’m hoping to be able to talk to others who have been in this dark of a place and what got you through - or any advice.

Because this is mostly just a fantasy, but the idea is sticking in my head more than I’d like it to. I don’t actually want to go through with it. I think …

*Edit for clarity, what got you through the mental state if you’ve felt this way, not advice on disappearing. Oops!😳
38. Soldier, Poet, King what did you guys get? (if you have taken the test). I bet a lot of ppl here will get &gt;!king!&lt; , I wanted/expected &gt;!poet!&lt; but I got that instead (the description feels like a personal attack lol)

Here's the link if anyone wants : https://uquiz.com/quiz/MYLbZ3/are-you-a-soldier-a-poet-or-a-king
39. Root of avpd and life-damaging thoughts I had M21. My problem with avpd is that it made me weak, defenseless, I feel like prey living among predators.
My self esteem is low and I know how it can be increased, it "just" requires me to be strong and all the problems will eventually disappear.

I was bullied by two different group of people, I realize now the reason was that they instantly saw my weakness, the second time I was bullied by my friends (at that time), initially they even respected me cause I was serious, but when you can't defend yourself it looks pathetic and I even can see their perspective, you just need to be more tough and confident (without any reason).

This experience reflected in my thoughts I was living with till recently:
when I was a kid I thought you need to really know how to dance, know the technique or some kind of particular style but thinking about my stupid rural relatives refuted it, cause how they being so stupid could think about it really, it's not possible, but they fuck, I don't.

second was about clothes, hypebeasts.
I thought classmates were making fun of me cause I looked weird, lame. Even though it's not fully wrong I just exaggerated it on a new extreme level. There wasn't particularly anything wrong with my clothes, I just couldn't understand their reaction.

Third was about thinking that the group of people knew something that I missed, or like there was some hidden context I was unaware of. It was a constant thought when I was with my peers.

I also has such problem that I often can't decide when I should feel offended and when not, it's important cause it can really lead to being a punching bag. This is also a beginning of my PPD part of personality. This kind of thinking leads to paranoia.

I hope I won't regret posting this. Maybe it's the only time I can be honest.
40. Idk if this fits here, but I just decided to share this, they treat me nicely, but it just seems so, fake, to me Idk, I used to have an ok outlook on life 

I now just see things, such as 2025, as unreachable, out of reach
41. What is AvPD like? I had social anxiety or still have some of it. I also was diagnosed with AvPD by one therapist but I am not sure if that one fits. 
I tick a few boxes and every personality style test says I am anxious avoidant but I don't really know what that would mean.

So what it something that makes someone AvPD in your experience?
42. Natural brain dampener I have recently been experimenting with some substances and after three or more days of taking ashwagandha most of my AVPD chatter ceases, it also dampens my need socialize or seek validation Not that I had much of that but at least now I don't care when I run out of things to say during a conversation, before I was made uncomfortable by the thought seeming boring or long silence in conversation but with this I don't care at all.

Its a very subtle effect though, so I like it. I'm not going to pretend to understand how it works, and I definitely don't recommend it because there are several people who have had severe adverse effects with it, but I have found a new unintended use for it and I wanted to share this discovery.

Sadly as a sad effect I find myself dragging my feet to do anything, I just lose interest in almost everything.
44. group chat attention don’t you hate it when your message stays the last on a group chat?
so much attention, I end up deleting my messages later on.
45. Can't get anything done Not sure if anyone else relates, but I'm struggling to start or finish anything. I'm incredibly behind in my work, and I don't do any hobbies or spend much time at the gym either. I'm also pretty ashamed of myself, which leads me to avoid people. It's not a good circle to be stuck in. I've had ideas for things to try, but it's pretty hard to start anything. Does anyone else relate?
46. I desperately wish/ want to live alone but physically/financially cant I have always dreamed, goal of mine to get away from my family and all people if I worked hard I could live by myself and never ever have any obligation to speak to another human being so long as I had my ducks in a row both financially and in general (think ordering groceries and just leave it at the door, tip well, go away). I'm getting older and I hate how much I keep needing to interact with people, I don't have anyone in my life other than my parents but even they are on my last tiny nerves... except we've been needing eachothers help a lot. 

They're old and need help, I'm getting older and sometimes need help when im getting sick or life happens. This flop era is turning into a flop lifetime. I'm drained seeing people. 

I just want to wake up 1 day in my own place and hear complete and total silence, never cross paths with another human being, never make eye contact or play the dumb game of "social interaction" and just have enough... stuff to get my needs met. Not even an escape I just want to exist solely.
47. small victories I’ve been secretly struggling with avpd for years, I couldn’t even tell you when it began. What I do know is- it started out as severe social anxiety and has gotten progressively worse as times passed. I have panic attacks/trouble sleeping nearly every day and feel like I’m incapable of doing anything 99% of the time. I’ve never told anyone about my struggles. Today I started online college and signed up for betterhelp therapy through my school. I’m absolutely terrified for this journey but I’m proud of myself for pushing myself to get here. As someone who’s struggled to commit to a career/obligations and take initiative with anything- this is huge for me. I never thought I could get to this point- and I still have to follow through with everything I’ve committed to lol- but I’m wishing you all the best and encourage you to celebrate your little victories everyday.
48. I'm literally too awkward for therapy I'm doing CBT and my therapist always asks me what I'm thinking and all I can say is "I don't know" because my mind always goes blank. I can't articulate my emotions either and don't even know what I want in life.

Today we did an exercise where I was supposed to have a "conversation" between my "critical voice" and my "confident voice". I told her I'm extremely uncomfortable doing it and she said it's fine we don't have to but I wanted to try it anyways. I could think of hundreds of things I hate about myself but not a single thing I liked about myself. It was so awkward sitting there and not saying a positive thing. My therapist even asked me if I'm having any suicidal thoughts afterwards, that's how bad I must have looked. When I looked in her eyes she seemed clueless, like she's never seen anyone that bad and has no idea how to help me.

I don't believe my problems are something I can fix by just changing the way I think about myself. I am not an interesting person. I'm not an attractive person. I just feel like there's nothing of value about me and people find me repulsive.
49. I will soon be kicked out of the apartment And I don't know what to do :/ I have some little money and currently have a remote job but I maybe will loose it soon, maybe next month (they're not firing me, just due to circumstances they may or may not close the studio, it's not clear yet). Probably I can rent for a few months, but everything is so overpriced, so I'm not sure. And it's middle of winter. So anxious right now. 
I tried to look for a job online, but didn't find anything (there's nothing irl, cause I live in small shithole town and I probably won't be hired that way anyway). But I didn't actually try hardly to find anything, just sitting on my ass, procrastinating. Don't even have any friends or even acquaintances, so.. 💀
50. Creep Is Radiohead Creep the Anthem for AVPD or is our problem so much more comes?

RECOGNITION PATTERNS FOR Personality_Disorder
- Unstable relationships and self-image
- Intense fear of abandonment
- Impulsive and risky behaviors
- Chronic feelings of emptiness
- Difficulty regulating emotions
- Identity disturbance
- Patterns of unstable interpersonal relationships

Top indicator words: end, good, alone, well, hurt
