Mental Health Status: Suicidal

OVERVIEW
Total statements: 10653
Percentage of dataset: 20.1%

COMMON KEYWORDS
end: 4742 occurrences
die: 2725 occurrences
kill: 2704 occurrences
good: 1786 occurrences
tired: 1357 occurrences
suicidal: 1248 occurrences
hurt: 1201 occurrences
happy: 1122 occurrences
alone: 1117 occurrences
well: 968 occurrences
death: 867 occurrences
sad: 863 occurrences
scared: 760 occurrences
depressed: 653 occurrences
rage: 392 occurrences

EXAMPLE STATEMENTS
1. The only reason I do not is because i feel so bad about how my brother will be all alone and my father will be depressed.. I wish i could explain to them that i really want some peace of mind and death is the only way i will ever get that. I have wanted to end it for months
2. I am at the university, and I have a scholarship, but my mind is a mess. I have to study too hard if I want to get a job. I do not want to compete or work hard. I cannot be the best, and I do not want it. I have a loving family, but that is not enough. I am feeling really tired. Tired of everything. I do not love myself, I do not have any friends. All I have done since my finals are over is just sitting in my room and doing nothing. Literally nothing. I do not think I want to continue if my life is going to continue like this. I do not want to strive for something, I have no energy. I am afraid of death, and I do not want to make my family be grieved, but also I do not want to continue. I do not know what should I do.
3. nsfw trigger warning:my whole life i have fantasized about the idea of dying. i met death once, it was a dark and quiet place, and i experienced what it truly was to be alone. expect this alone did not hurt, in fact it was relieving. so relieving that when i when i opened my eyes again i cursed every nurse and doctor who thought it necessary to save me. i, at the age of 11, decided that i no longer needed saving from the mess that i called life, i wanted to return to that darkness. i truly wanted to die. and with every year that i grew older, i fell more in love with closing my eyes for the final time. 11 years later i sit at the door of another birthday, another reminder that i am alive. a burden. a curse. what could i do the expire naturally? nothing, no disease i have or could possibly have would kill me any time soon. it is a matter i now have to deal with personally. suicide. suicide is such a scary word to utter. but not just because i am afraid of dying. i am. i am terrified. almost as terrifying as choosing the wrong number in an almost winning lotto ticket. if i go, would i possibly be missing a reason to live? but everyday the possibility of that seems unlikely, almost silly. suicide. i attend to commit suicide. i attend to revisit that quiet darkness and make it my home, a place where i can finally belong. to close my eyes and know that i can finally breath and be relieved of trying. today, maybe tomorrow, or maybe i can hold out a little longer, but eventually my only plan is to rely on suicide and finish what was started 11 years ago. today i made a decision
4. I cannot do this living thing anymore my mind is too messed up I hate feeling the way I do its making want to just give in to it all I have had enough. Living on borrowed time I reckon should have just done it properly when I had the chance. Should have down it properly when I had chance or run away
5. I am being serious. I feel so agonizingly hopeless that I feel like I have completely lost my mind. I could go walk to the train tracks near my house and wait for a train but I am seriously afraid Id survive the attempt and Id be worse off than I am now. The fact that I feel like I cannot end my life hurts more than what is making me want to end my life to begin with. I do not know what to do anymore. I feel so trapped. The only think that is stopping me from ending my life is the fear of surviving the attempt
6. Why am I so stupid? I fell for someone who cannot love me back. Loving him hurts so much but I do not know how to stop. I know he will not be in my life forever and when he starts college I will not have much chance to see him anymore. I really do not want us to just slowly drift apart and stop talking. I do not want to be alone. I already have nothing to live for and if hes gone as well there will not be anything worth staying alive for. I hate myself for loving someone
7. RT @dcostaroberts: The Pentagon spent millions to prevent suicides. But the suicide rate went up instead.  https://t.co/D7BaGVTi9h
8. WhyI triedWhy I cannot cut itWhyI want to go I cannot
9. Its like I want to get better but also no. Its like I want help and support but push ppl away and refuse their advice. Its like I need connection but avoid everyone and dread attention. Its like I want to experience happiness but also no because I feel like happiness is an undercover negative emotion. Its like I want to talk but cannot form sentences. Its like I have too much to say for anyone to be willing to listen. Its like I want to be understood but cannot even make sense of what is in my own head. Its like I come off as super independent but I am so afraid of being alone. Its like I want goals but can not think of anything that satisfies me. Its like I do not want to commit suicide but I really cannot bear being alive. Its like I think and act like this year will be the end but also no because I desperately fear failing again. So my life just feels like an endless series of crises. Suffering but do not want help - do not believe in help for me at least
10. Its just miserable and I feel exhausted and like a burden. I am tired of waiting for things to get better. I know I have a lot to be grateful for and there have been some good memories but I have had enough. there is been more despair and pain than moments of happiness. I am afraid that I am losing myself even more as I try to stay here. I am more depressed and cranky and isolated and I do not want people to know me like this. Its tiresome to keep trying to hide the amount of melancholy and desolation that I feel. what is even the point of living if I am not even really living ? I do not want to have a full life span. Id probably contribute the most to society by being dead and donating my organs.Idk why I am still waiting Living feels like a slow form of suicide
11. I am GOING TO DO IT. I cannot LIVE LIKE THIS PLEASE MAKE IT STOOOP!
12. I do not debate with myself anymore about the outward circumstances impacting me. It feels like I suffered deafness from sudden impact to my mind. I can still see, hear, feel what is going on around me but it is all muted. I have become so detached I am starting to not even ruminate on things anymore. There is just silence. A stillness inside. An acceptance. A knowing: this is what life is, this is what people are like, this is your life. Meaningless receptor of pain. A type of damage and grief that is so large it has become a void inside me without echo. I just exist in it. Laying staring in the distance. I stopped fighting. I lay dying figuratively now. Just darkness, the silence, the depth, the fright, the terror. I feel like an helpless animal that was being attacked so at first I fought frantically. Now I just lay no longer fighting back, not crying though the pain is present, being terrorized abused, destroyed. I am disassociating as I lay dying. My breaths are heavy like my mind. I do not care anymore. I am free falling in slow motion in the void. A ghost in a she will. Does anyone else feel this way? Did I explain myself well? When it all became silent
13. For context I am the most depressed I have ever been and earlier tonight I decided to kill myself. (Not my first time)However, now that I am actually dealing with the consequences of my actions (overdose) should I go to the ER? I do not want people to think that I am attention seeking, but I am also starting to regret my decision and I am feeling really guilty about leaving my family and friends. TW: do I go to the ER?
14. If you call one do they send the police to check on you Suicide hotlines
15. It has been a long while since I achieved anything and mediocrity has become a constant.Although i want to kms it is making me reconsider what is actually important in life.It also hurts because I had so much potential and stuff that I wanted to achieve and supportive parents but I think it is irrelevant now that I have to go. If I could turn back time.
16. I hope someone kills me. I want it to be fast. I just want this to be fucking over. If I do not make it until tomorrow, I hope my brother has a good birthday. Ill probably live since I am a fucking pussy. I do not want to do it myself I want someone else to do it. I hate everything
17. So many posts I have read from teens and 20 year olds wanting to end it. It makes me sad. I was there, and we really have no idea how little of the world we seen. And how hopeless it really is not (for the most part). I have managed to make it this far. But I am not entirely sure I am supposed to go much further. I never saw myself getting "old" and maybe this is why.I ran away when I was 16. Dad left when I was five, my mom was an alcoholic and had two more kids with a married man. She died three years ago. I have had a hard childhood...blah blah blahEver since I left home I have been fighting for a better life. I believe life is choices. You wake up and choose to be better then your past. You recognize what is right and wrong and know how it feels to be bullied and not loved and demeaned, so you choose to act the opposite, embrace people and be there for friends because you know what it is like to be alone and you do not want anyone to feel like that, like this. Things are supposed to get better. I am now 43. I have worked two jobs my entire life until I turned 40 and mentally could not take it anymore. I have not been on vacation in over 20 years. I have student loan debt. do not go to college, it is a scam.Last year I was laid off from March until January due to Covid. I had to move. All my savings is gone. I have $20 in my bank account. I am tired. I am supposed to return to work in August, September at the latest. The last three weeks I have thought about death. Have written my note in my head over and over. They say money cannot buy happiness, but it can buy relief. When you do not know how you are going to pay your rent and bills it gets overwhelming every...single... day.I see so many posts about people having good jobs and money and husbands and wives and kids. People who have a "good life"; but you still want to die? there is no help. I am not ready yet. I still cry when I think of it, but I am not scared to do it. I am just not ready yet. But the thoughts come more and more and I do not think it will be too long. I am trying to memorize things...how things feel, smell, and look. Subtle differences that we take for granted every day or miss. Like how someone is eyes light up or how a smile spreads across someone is face.So, my younger ones, think about your life. See the beauty in what you have. You have so much a head of you and there is much joy in this world. Love yourself. You may think you have nothing and no one, but if you think about it, it is probably not true. Find something, anything to keep up the good fight. And it can turn out good, so I am told. I am trying. You try too. Xoxo To all the Young
18. I been trying to Kill myself since I was 13.seven years later I still fill the same way .my feelings will never change.I just want to die .I am so tired of being alone ..today is the day I just end it all .my hope for a better future is gone .life will never get better.bye !! !!!! I want to die .
19. Busybodies are insufferable. Fuck off! Why do people need us to stay alive?
20. All invisible did not exist. You put yourself here. All the rant is because you liked living in danger. Figured
21. The days have just been one big blur, mundane, and I am mentally trapped In my mind and feel my only way to escape is to kill myself. Mentally tired
22. Fuck here we go againLot of things to say however I will resume because none is going to read this anyways : F19 years old, slowly but surely becoming an alcoholic and addicted to smoking/painkiller, depressed since I was 12, 100% sure I also have BPD although not yet diagnosed, and daily anxiety attacks I can only calm down with substance abuse, no much of a social life anymore, destroying myself everyday. No boyfriend and I cannot seem to connect with new people, probably because of the BDP. Struggling with an ED (anorexia in the past) and currently binging everyday because of the alcohol, also having a new job deeply triggering everything mentioned before because I am left alone for days. I cannot handle any responsibilities and I am really failing life. I am tired of having to fight my own mind, and that crippling emptyness. I am thinking of just getting enough money to flight to a new country, explore for a bit and then when raining out of money (will be real quick) finally killing myself for good.I swear I just wanted to be happy for a bit, guess I do not deserve it. It feels so lonely here. Tired fighting my own mind
23. COVID gave me a nice break from uni for a while. It was nice since my mom passed away recently and I wanted to process. But the thought of going back now makes me think about killing myself. I have some really good friends from high school but everyone at uni is so awful and I hate everyone there and they make it so hard to exist and god I do not want to work with any of them I just want to die.And then just the thought of actually doing work again sounds awful, I feel so useless but I just cannot understand this course properly, and it is all messed up because of COVID.This year has been awful and I do not know if I will ever be able to get paid work because I am so dumb.I am just sitting on the couch thinking about how I should die. I get overwhelmed by the dumbest things
24. Feel like I am so fucking disgusting. I hate myself. I am a big huge piece of shit. Maybe I should kill myself. Maybe I am worthless. .
25. I got this gun from my grandpa because he died. Anyways I ruined my chances by wasting all the bullets with it. Ironically when I was shooting it it was the most fun I have had in a while now it is just back to the sadness. Ruined my chance.
26. Not asking for "there are people who love you" type answers. I mean why should I still live in a world that is slowly burning to a crisp because of politicians and corporations who value anything but actual human decency? Can anyone give me one reason why I should not kill myself?
27. Idk, I just feel like I need to say this, my mental state is going really really fucking fast downhill really fucking quickly. I have been struggling with this shit as long as I can remember, and I honestly can barely take it anymore. I have no clue why I have let myself live so long.my mental health is beyond shit, cronic depression or whatever the fuck it is. My social life, the only thing in life I have been clinging on to the past year, is also beyond shit. All of the friends I thought were my friends all ghosted me at once over the summer, even ones who promised me they would not ghost me like they always do. My home life is fucking chaotic and it only makes things several several times worse, believe it or not I am having some struggles when it comes to just being able to cope with the fucking abuse that gets thrown at me, like my therapist wants me to do. My physical health is the same, idk if I was just born different or whatever but my body's just fucked up. I am always in constant pain no matter what I do and it is just becoming too much to handle, you know, to the point of thinking death would be better than this.I can go on and on complaining about this shit, but apparently it is bad enough that I have been told to kms. Because it would put me out of my misery- not to be mean or anything. Yeah-Last time I was in the mental hospital for wanting to commit die, after kind of ranting about my home life my roommate was telling me that if I wanted to kill myself, they would support me fully.I have literally heard someone have a full on MENTAL BREAKDOWN because they thought that trying to convince me to not kill myself was selfish. Because they felt horrible for just making me suffer longer, and did not know if dying would just be the best option for me.I have shared these thoughts with people close to me and it usually ends with them giving up on me. I cannot count the amount of times I have heard stuff like this.Tell me death would not be the solution to all my problems. Tell me ending my life would not be by far the most effective way of no longer suffering, and fixing my problems. Tell me. I cannot count the amount of times I have been told to kill myself. No, not by bullies, but by people who care about me.
28. Only one person is keeping me alive Hit my head off my desk till it bled
29. @EricBoehlert Nothing to live for? Why? Because you have been nasty?
30. I am not actively suicidal, and I am not planning on trying to kill myself anytime within the next year or two, not until I start living on my own. The fear of failure outweighs my desire to stop living. But I have an entire plan for if/when I decide to do so. I am only 19, but I have typed out a will of sorts to let my family know how I want to be buried and where I want my money that I saved for college to go. I have a general idea of how I want to kill myself, where I want to do it, the time of day I want to do it, how Ill lie to make people not be concerned, etc. But even though this plan has only come to me within the last week, I have not been suicidal. I am just stuck in that awkward limbo where I do not see a point in living, but I do not see a point in dying. But I still cannot stop just creating this story in my mind of everything, thinking about everything that could go wrong and how I could prevent those things from happening and it does not really bother me. Its just a thought that is always in the back of my head. Anyone create elaborate suicide plans without intent to act on them?
31. I just turn 18 and i have been a NEET for like 5 years, i have like a lot of mental problems so that make me unable to start conversations, paying attention, i have anxiety crises and i have depression and because of that i just have like 2 friends that i barely talk to them and I cannot have a job because of that many problems.My parents do not understand when i say that i have all this problems they just think I am shy and a stupid, and always tries to make me have a job or start studying but I am unable to, i try my best but i cannot, and it really brings me down when i do my best, but my best is never enough.My Brother was always the favorite from my family, he have everything he want has good grades and a lot of friends, people always compare me to him, I am likes his shadow, he had depression for a while, and my family did everything to help him, and that is really good.But when i said they did not do nothing, and my mom even said:"Your problem is not that serious as your brother's problem, he really suffers, you are just complain because you just lock yourself in the bedroom and play videogames all day and do nothing, that is not depressed that is just laziness".I am see myself crying a lot lately, my life is like a looping hell, i cannot do nothing, nobody help's me when i ask for help, even my parents, the only reason i do not kill myself it is because i have a little hope, i now if anything good happen to me will be enough to me to keep me living.But i have been waiting for this moments of happiness for like years now, it is really hard to keep on, and I do not know when this little hope that i have will go away, and I am really scared when this happens, i try to say to myself that this suicide thought is not worthy and life is good and precious but as the time goes it looks more like a lie or just a fantasy.(Sorry for any bad English it is not my main language) Everyday is the same looping hell and i feel like a pile of shit.
32. I read some stories on here sometimes and I am clueless as to how some of you all can even get out of the house while feeling this way. you all are going to work, studying, I can barely read even a paragraph of my readings while I am like this. I do not see a point in persevering anymore. I admire you guys for making an effort to maintain your life. If you are one of those people who still have a schedule, how do you do it? (Sorry if this sounds insensitive) I do not know how people carry on with life while suicidal
33. I have been very active here recently but having somewhere to vent, somewhere where I do not feel alone makes the feeling alot easier on me I guess. This is not entirely related to the post, I just wanted to express my appreciation for this subreddit. Its helped me alot.That being said I just saw a post on here, someone talking about being "snapped out of it" because they realized how much it would hurt their kid and it made me think about why I have not done it yet.My two brothers. One older than me and one younger than me. The older one tells me all the time that when I was born it snapped him out of suicide. His attempts were stopped by me crying as a baby, or even when I annoyed him he still loved me and wanted to stick around to see me happy or even just to annoy me. My younger brother has never expressed the desire to kill himself to me before, like I did to my older brother brother; but I have similar reasons. Truthfully, I like to fuck with him. Sometimes the funniest part of my day is me walking into his room, flicking his forehead and walking out. he is one of the funniest people I know and I know my death would ruin him. I have two sisters, neither if them are super in my life so I do not know for sure how my death would impact them but it helps to think they would be devastated too. I have a niece. she is a year and 7 months old and she is the cutest thing to exist. She cannot talk but I love my moments of communication with her. We play games together even though she cannot speak. Some sort of variation of simon says where she waves her arms and claps her hands wanting me to copy her. Sometimes she will turn of the tv when I am watching and look at me and laugh at me. Sometimes she does things and when I tell her to stop she looks at me and does it anyway. I want to see her grow up. she is so smart right now and I love how she is right now and I want to see her get older and I want to tell her stories about right now and show her videos of how she liked to just fuck with her aunt or how she would kiss her reflection.Sometimes this does not work. Sometimes I relish in the feeling that if I did commit suicide right now, people would be devastated. Sometimes I feel like that is the only time I will be loved by everyone unconditionally, and I feel like at my funeral, when it finally sets in, everyone will realize what they did wrong and feel remorse. Sometimes I think that if I died right now maybe in the afterlife I will have everything I want, including what makes me happy now. Maybe if I just did it I could have my cake and eat it too.This is a hard reason to have, because sometimes its my reason for wanting to kill myself and sometimes its my reason for staying alive. I want a better reason. I wish this was not my only reason but its kept me here for 9 years. Maybe if I had a better reason, the 9 years would finally be over and I could just live and be happy but for now I guess it will do. I wish I could find a better reason but if it works it works I guess.
34. Everyone kept saying for years that things will get better. Well, I am in my mid 20's. Nothing got better. In fact thing are getting wrose and wrose the more year I spend ""alive"". I have choosen death by exhaust gas. Now that everything is planned, why do I feel like I am not ready? I really want to die, I am craving to die and I do not want to accept that I am not ready. It feels like I am the closest now to actually do so. Will I be ready to do so when I finish things I promised? My suicide is planned.
35. I am going into senior year in high school this year, and for as long as I can remember I have just felt like I do not fit it. Like I do not belong. After a few years, I would say around 6th or 7th grade it turned into depression. I was seemingly indifferent to nearly everything imaginable. I was not sad, I was not happy, I was neutral. And it is been the same since then. I have no reason to not be happy. I live in an upper middle class family. Nice house, my parents are great, my older brother is as nice as an older brother can be. I have a nice job and get paid well. I am just not happy for some reason. I had friends for a while, but one day I stopped texting first and after a bit I never heard from them again. But the was okay, I am pretty antisocial anyway. it is been years since I had any real friends. I have never had an real interests, nor hobbies. I have done many sports, but only because my parents made me. I was just mediocre at them. I always just wanted to go home and go back to sleep. My latest sport I did was Mountain Biking, I did it 9th and 10th grade but quit before the season for 11th grade started. Since then, I have not done much. I just wake up, go to school/work, come home, lay in bed for a few hrs and eventually go to sleep for the night. Rinse and repeat. I do not know what I want to do as a career. I do not know what I want to go to college for, if I do go to college. I think id be fine majoring in whatever. I am not interested in pursuing anything, because I have nothing I want to pursue. I had never experienced suicidal thoughts until now, I think I was pretty content with my life up until a few weeks ago. Since then I have just found myself asking over and over, "is this life really worth it?" "why should not I just do it?" I have had a really bad time sleeping lately because of these thoughts. Hence why I am posting this at 1am haha. I have never self harmed before, never seen the point. Never had the incentive to. If I were to commit, I would want it to be quick and as painless as possible. I have thought it over a ton. I have been tempted to unbuckle my seatbelt while driving and just slam into a tree, obviously have not worked up the gut to do that yet. I have been tempted to use a noose, but I have not found a place to hang it. Lastly, I have thought of just slitting my throat. I think if I were to commit that would be the most likely because. Anyway, back to it. I do not have a reason I should feel this way, everything in my life is fine. And that makes me feel worse. It makes me feel guilty. And that guilty feeling does not help. it is just and endless cycle round and round. I thought maybe writing this down might help, and there was no reason not to so why not. I have no reason to be suicidal, but I am.
36. Hello everybody... Please do not tell me suicide is permanent solution to a temporary problem. I am going blind and deaf and there is nothing that can be done + i have bowel problems. I am driver so i will lost my job, i do not have much money, do not have gf or wife. I am on my own. No assisted dying in my country, and do not have enough money to travel to Switzerland to do it. I do not have a gun. How can i end my cursed life ? I know this is bad and i never thought that i will be in this position but imagine that you are in this situation.. How to end this misery... ?
37. I am so tired of being stepped on and hurt. When I try to open up about my feelings with my mom I just get lectured and yelled at about how ungrateful I am and how I do not realize how good I have it. One time I just came home from school and she started screaming at me for something that was out of my control, and when I broke down crying, all my stepdad said was stop. The first time I tried to date, it ended with me on a call with the suicide hotline because she threatened to kill herself when I did not fight to stay with her. I only knew her for two days. The first person i kissed, the first person I cuddled with, the first person to say "I love you" to me, the first person I felt comfortable saying "I love you" to, turned his back and ostracized me from our mutual friends when I relapsed into self harm. My father sexually assaulted me while drunk when I was 12 and I still live with the repercussions. I could not even do my laundry because I had a mental breakdown. I could not stop reliving it. I could not stop thinking about how it affected my confidence and sense of self worth and still fucking does. All I could do was curl up against the fucking wall and try not to cry. I used to be terrified of people finding out somehow and I was scared that they would think that that was my awakening if i was ever outed. My only friend throughout high school does not ever ask me how I am doing and i cannot talk about being gay around him. He gets pissed or says he would not f me when i talk about it. Fuck, I cannot even meme about it without him arguing with me. My other friends, who do not know how bad this hurts, make jokes about how I used to force myself to be straight. They say things like "remember when you tried to be straight? lol." As if I could forget. As if I could forget the dozens of fucking times I locked myself in my bathroom with my knife for it. As if I could forget staring at myself in the mirror and wondering what the fuck is wrong with me. Maybe something is wrong with me... I do not know. I am scared I am going to try to kill myself soon. I do not want to die yet. I do not want to die until I have felt love, if I can ever find it. I need to know what that feels like at least. But the only other thing keeping me from ending it right now is fear. Thanks for listening my terribly organized thoughts n stuff. Guess I will ramble now
38. if i tell a psychiatrist that i am suicidal will they immediately have me shipped away and handcuffed to a bed i always lie
39. I am not going into detales I KEEP CLICKING ON REALLY FUCKED UP DISTURBING PORN AND IT MAKES ME WASENT TO HURT MYSELF PLEASE HELP
40. I am mentally drained, I am disturbed, and I am exhausted. I am on my hands and knees begging the universe for just a break. I just want some rest. Please stop for just a moment so I can rest. Please please please I am really really tired
41. I hope you die a horrible painful death as soon as possible To the guy who reported my post which lead to my acc getting banned
42. Family is fighting at 3 am and threatening each other with physical violence. Everyday it is always something. I stayed in my room (I avoid them so they do not target me) and grandfather just came up banging on my door saying I am a freeloading bitch Trapped in a hellhouse
43. Did you see the movie back to the future? I am like George McFly. I am so depressed and I wish to die. no suicide. I just hope that something kills me cuz I am tired of my life. I suffered with bullying at school because of my appearance and personality. never been the most loved even in my family I am the older brother and the only ugly I feel like they treat me differently (and no not adopted) my father expected a stronger son I love my family but they love my brothers more I never felt bad about this. just everything makes me think I am a loser. My first girlfriend she used me for everything you can imagine. homework studies troubles in general. I did everything for her like a dog but when we graduated she decided to break up with me she said you re veeery boring. she left me crying alone in a restaurant everyone was looking at me and the waiter was more worried about me than she. stopped needing me. Then I met a girl apparently good too good to be true and it took me 2 years to understand that she only wants my money. I cannot say no, I do not even want to say it because I worry so much when someone needs something. I work very hard. I am tired. Everyone uses me I always feel bad about my appearance and personality I cannot stop think about this I have a good heart but nobody cares Thanks for reading this I am an unhappy person but I know there are bigger problems than mine. sorry. I just wanted to say it People walk all over me
44. I am tired of feeling this way. is anything real? am i real? are these my hands? i wish i could sleep forever. I am going out tomorrow to buy a blade and I am going to start starving myself again to cope. why was i ever born if i was going to be living like this? i just want to sleep forever
45. All right so that's 200 for slytherin, 590 for hufflepuff and 520 for ravenclaw. Sadly I'll have to cut these sprin… https://t.co/jjn5aEzAtu
46. Me Guess who is probably going to attempt tonight?
47. For me the only reason is fear. I am terrified that I will fail and become a vegetable or end up locked away in a psych ward. I am not insane I just want to have a choice. Why have not you done it already?
48. Hey redditors, idk where to post this so I am here. I am tired of being diagnosed with things that will never leave. I am tired of the crippling anxiety that prevents me from functioning normally. I am tired of having to pop pills when i wake up, in the day and when I am going to sleep. I am really tired guys, i am.I want to go home, and i guess I am going home soon. Hey
49. I met someone on Hinge about eight months ago and we got along instantly which is extremely rare for me. We could not meet in person at the time due to lockdown restrictions. It started like any online dating relationship starts, with flirting and asking questions and getting to know one another. All of a sudden he stopped showing interest. That really affected my already low self-esteem and I tried my best to talk to him and figure out why he lost interest. I came across as cold and scary, he became very defensive, it got quite bad and I had quite a severe panic attack that took five propanolol to sort out. I blamed myself and he reluctantly came back, he would be even colder and more distant now. No more good mornings or how are yous, no flirting, no questions, nothing. Just very short superficial talks about current events or interests. I tried to ask him in a more direct way why he was behaving like that and it resulted in him ignoring me. I gave up and deleted him off all social media (except the one we used for messaging) and moved on with my life. Two months later he messages me saying how much he misses me and wants to rectify things. Nobody has ever come back for me, it meant a lot. We start talking again, nothing gets rectified he just repeats himself whilst ignoring and not apologizing for how he behaved. But I am just happy he is back so I let it be. We finally meet and it goes somewhat well, he does not flirt but he seems interested again. Fast forward to our 5th date and we sleep together. Afterwards he just goes back to being distant despite always being online. It makes me extremely overwhelmed and I go talk to him. I am ignored until he replies about how he cannot take it anymore and how it is not his fault work was busy. I mentioned how affection or at least signs of interest are and he was having none of it. Ultimately I blamed myself and explained my current family situation as it also affects me to maybe make him understand that I just really needed some support and he ignored me for days. I would avoid messaging him but I would always see him online. I asked him for closure as I did not know what do he replied instantly, said it was a shame as we were so compatible and that if I wanted we could still be friends. When I replied that if we both tried it could work, he ignored me again. The day after I went for a day out on the beach and saw a little stall that does clam chowder which I have never tried before meeting him and it is one of his fav foods, when I got home I messaged him saying that I wanted to take him there to show him something even if just as friends. He ignored me again. The day afterwards (which was yesterday) I had a job interview. I have been trying really hard these past years to finally have my own life. I have been through therapy, medication and regularly study and follow well-being advice. Currently, I live with my mom - who has her own set of mental health problems lately she is been well but at times she becomes awful towards me. Especially if I show emotions, the worst ones are if I cry or seem angry (even if I am not, if she thinks I am then that is an invitation to start a fight) - and my cat - who is dying of lymphoma. I am an immigrant so I do not have many friends here. Most of my friends are from work but lately everybody is too busy for me. So this job interview meant a lot. If I get this, I may very well be able to afford to live in my own place. In the hype of the interview, I made a decision to move on and have a fresh start. New job, then new house, new life. And I was tired of feeling so overwhelmed and weighed down by everything and now being given false hope. So I messaged a final time, stating this could have all been sorted within a day. How it is impossible to form any relationship with someone who simply is not there. I then deleted him off the messaging app we use and his number. He has not attempted to communicate but it is not as if I am expecting it. I do not think I am wrong. I think that if he wanted to this could work. What affects me is why is it that nobody ever wants to at least try to make it work? I am willing to compromise, I have always hyped him up and showed him that he matter to me. Every morning I would wish him a good morning despite knowing I would not receive one back, the same would happen at night. So what is it about me that so damn disgusting that does not even deserve a good morning? I am afraid to cry under my own roof. I have absolutely nobody in this world and the only creature on this planet that somehow loves me is going to die soon. I cannot trust anyone because of the amount of times I have been bullied, rejected, belittled, used, harmed. I have attempted suicide twice before so I know this third time I would not fail, plus three times the charm. The only thing keeping me here is waiting to hear back from the interview and how bitterly disappointing it is that now, after my entire life spent trying to overcome trauma and abuse, when I am finally getting where I want, someone appears and completely kills any crumb of love I had for myself just by not bothering to be there. After a half-ghosted "relationship" ended I have been thinking about suicide for the past days
50. Hi! it is currently 1 am when I begin writing this I am a 15 years old french dude who has been learning french for three years (and still sucks at it ) so apologies to all the potential readers out there.You are probably thinking "15 ? He is just a kid who lost a Fortnite game he cannot be serious!" , If you are thinking that way, forget my age, although I am quite darn young i feel more mature than most of my "friends" (probably sounding like an awful white kid who think that he is mature cuz he listen xxtentacion and "rlly understand the lyrics you know" , and maybe that what I am after all ! But....) I can explain my "advance" in maturity:Since age 2 I have been speedrunning life, I have been diagnosed with mucoviscidosis and a bunch of genes disorders (and no it is not cuz my parents are siblings)All these awesome disease shortened my life to (around) 30 miserable years (at least I know that I will not have to become an old man)Fuck no I cannot write that shit , sorry to have wasted your time and ruined your brain with my shitty syntax I have so many things to say but just... No as much time as I would want *Overly dramatic and climatic* Bye....Notes to Alexia (small not so goth gf) and my mother who will come across this eventually:Je suis sincrement dsol je vous aime putain vivez vos vies a fond Maman je sais que de toute faon j'ai toujours t un dtail Alexia j'ai toujours su que tu prfrais adam ou meme Elie Shit i forgot to explain properly my maturity Guess that is a job for my reincarnation As I said goodbye Hi and bye

RECOGNITION PATTERNS FOR Suicidal
- CRITICAL: Direct or indirect mentions of self-harm or suicide
- Expressions of wanting to die or end life
- Feelings of being a burden to others
- Sense of hopelessness about the future
- Talking about death or saying goodbye
- IMMEDIATE INTERVENTION REQUIRED
- Statements may be final or farewell-like

Top indicator words: end, die, kill, good, tired
