Clinico Private Medical Knowledge Base
Section: Mental Health
Anxiety Disorders

Symptoms of Generalized Anxiety Disorder (GAD) include persistent and excessive worry about a number of different things. People with GAD may anticipate disaster and may be overly concerned about money, health, family, work, or other issues. Individuals with GAD find it difficult to control their worry. They may worry more than seems warranted about actual events or may expect the worst even when there is no apparent reason for concern. Other symptoms include restlessness, fatigue, difficulty concentrating, irritability, muscle tension, and sleep problems. Treatment often involves psychotherapy, medication, or a combination of the two.
Depression

Major Depressive Disorder is a common and serious medical illness that negatively affects how you feel, the way you think and how you act. Fortunately, it is also treatable. Depression causes feelings of sadness and/or a loss of interest in activities you once enjoyed. It can lead to a variety of emotional and physical problems and can decrease your ability to function at work and at home. Symptoms can vary from mild to severe and can include: feeling sad or having a depressed mood, loss of interest or pleasure in activities once enjoyed, changes in appetite, trouble sleeping or sleeping too much, loss of energy or increased fatigue, and thoughts of death or suicide.
Section: General Health
Common Cold

The common cold is a viral infection of your nose and throat (upper respiratory tract). It's usually harmless, although it might not feel that way. Many types of viruses can cause a common cold. Symptoms usually appear one to three days after exposure to a cold-causing virus. Signs and symptoms, which can vary from person to person, might include: runny or stuffy nose, sore throat, cough, congestion, slight body aches or a mild headache, sneezing, and low-grade fever. There is no cure for the common cold. Treatment is directed at relieving signs and symptoms.
Dehydration

Dehydration occurs when you use or lose more fluid than you take in, and your body doesn't have enough water and other fluids to carry out its normal functions. If you don't replace lost fluids, you will get dehydrated. Common causes of dehydration include vigorous exercise, especially in hot weather; intense diarrhea; vomiting; fever; or excessive sweating. Symptoms include dry mouth, urinating less than usual, dark-colored urine, and fatigue. The best treatment is to rehydrate by drinking water or electrolyte-rich drinks.